No! Stop sinking! Don't make me put this down!   I'm sorry, Appa.  Goooood morning, earthbending student! Sorry, Snoozles, we'll do our earthbending as quietly as we can.  Let's start with ... move a rock. The key to earthbending is your stance. You've got to be steady and strong. Rock is a stubborn element. If you're going to move it, you've got to be like a rock yourself. Good. Now the actual motion of this one is pretty simple. Okay, you ready to give it a try? No. That's the problem. You've got to stop thinking like an airbender. There's no different angle, no clever solution, no trickety-trick that's going to move that rock. You've got to face it head on. And when I say head on, I mean like this ...  Thanks, Katara. A gentle nudge. I'll try that. Keep your knees high, Twinkle Toes! Rock-like! Rock-like! This time we're going to try something a little different. Instead of moving a rock, you're going to stop a rock. Get in your horse stance! I'm going to roll that boulder down at you. If you have the attitude of an earthbender, you'll stay in your stance and stop the rock. Like this!  I'm glad you said something. Actually there is a better way. This way, you'll actually have to sense the vibrations of the boulder to stop it. Thank you, Katara. There's nothing to say, you blew it! You had a perfect stance, and a perfect form. But when it came right down to it, you didn't have the guts! Yeah, you are sorry! If you're not tough enough to stop the rock, then you can at least give it the pleasure of smashing you instead of jumping out of the way like a jelly-boned wimp! Now, do you have what it takes to face that rock like an earthbender? Yeah, whatever, go splash around until you feel better. Aang, I found these nuts in your bag. I figured you wouldn't mind. And besides, even if you did, you're too much of a pushover to do anything about it. You know, I'm really glad you feel that way. Because I also have this great new nutcracker. It's not the only delicate instrument around here.  Just enjoying the show. Pretty much. Guess it just didn't occur to me.  Do it now! Earthbend, Twinkle Toes. You just stood your ground against a crazy beast. And even more impressive, you stood your ground against me. You've got stuff. Do it! You did it! You're an earthbender. Actually, you should probably let me do that. You're still a little new to this. You might accidentally crush him.  Yep, it worked wonders.  You been hitting the cactus juice again?  Back in the city. Great.  It's just a bunch of walls and rules. You wait, you'll get sick of it in a couple of days. It's called "being handled". Get used to it.   We don't need a babysitter.  I can feel you shaking.  How are we supposed to do that? "One doesn't just pop in on the Earth King!"  Or his armadillo bear. This place ... is weird.  Won't work.  Well, no offense to you simple country folk, but a real society crowd will spot you a mile away. You've got no manners!   I learned proper society behavior and chose to leave it. You never learned anything. And frankly, it's a little too late.  Katara might be able to pull it off, but you two would be lucky to pass as busboys! Don't talk to the commoners, Katara. First rule of society.  I think this will do.  Look, the Pangs and the Yum Soon Hans are waiting in there for us! I'm going to have to tell them who didn't let me in.  Another crab puff, please.   I'd know your little footsteps anywhere, Twinkle Toes.  He's your puppet!  It looks just like him to me! But you disappeared at the Earth King's party. Yeah, let's break some rules!   Why? Because you think I can't put up posters on my own?! It's upside-down, isn't it? I'll just go with Sokka.  He's not lying. I can feel his breathing and heartbeat. When people lie, there's a physical reaction. He's telling the truth. He was here!   Was this guy your boyfriend or something?  I can tell you're lying ...  We're finally leaving Ba Sing Se. Worst ... city ... ever!  This doesn't make any sense. They're both telling the truth. Try to think of something from your past that triggers your emotions. There's a tunnel right there by the shore.  He's lying ... How did you pick this place?  Go to sleep already!>  Relax! It's still two days before the invasion! Why? Is it poisoned? All right! What you need is a good old-fashioned back pounding to relieve your stress. Sorry. I forgot you had baby skin. Well, there's one other thing we can try. Acupuncture! And you're acting downright weird. Hey! It's real! We spent hours working on it. You want me to do it?  You're the man, Twinkle Toes!  Eh, you've seen nothing once, you've seen it a thousand times. Yeah, the worst thing about being in disguise is that we don't get the hero worship anymore. I miss the love. I can't read at all!  I learned from badgermoles. They don't talk, but they're still good teachers. I'm tapped out. I already picked my toes, twice. The first time was for cleaning, but the second time's just for the sweet picking sensation!  Plus, it's so hot today. I dunno. Real hot‌?  You noodle-brains don't know what you're doing. I miss Sokka.  Sokka's coming! You're back!   I don't know. They missed you or something. I didn't care.    Sweet! Check this out.  We know he's gone. That's why we're trying to find him.  Helpful. Real helpful.  I think it's kind of sweet.  Huh?   What's going on? We're surrounded by old people.  Well, that's who we're looking for. You mean the Fire Lord.  Well, what if Aang doesn't come back?  And that means when Aang does face the Fire Lord, we'll be right there if he needs us.  Got it!   You could stand to mention it more. Aye, aye, Captain. How did that happen? Did boomerang come back?  Wow! Who taught you that?  You have the craziest adventures when you disappear.  Oh, sorry. Didn't mean to offend you, Phoenix King of Getting His Butt Whooped.  Leave the nicknames to us, honey. Well I think you all look perfect!  Yes, there is. An entire village, hundreds of houses ... all completely buried in ash.  It's like these people are born bad.  Do you really think friendships can last more than one lifetime? Twinkle Toes! That's got to be you! Uh-oh, somebody catch him, he's going to- Hopefully, you won't need to. They know! Load the Toph! How are we doing? You make it too easy! Hey, Aang! We're going into town to find some dinner. You didn't think you could get out of training just by coming to the Fire Nation, did you?  Hey! What's ... oh, it's your glider. Aang, I know swimming is fun and all, but do you really think you should be exposing yourself like that? Cover up. I know. It's your tattoos I'm worried about. What if someone sees you? Guys, you're all gonna think I'm crazy, but it feels like a metal man is coming. Well, that was random.  Sounds to me like you're scared, Boulder! Whenever you're ready, The Pebble!  Do people really want to see two little girls fighting out here? Somebody's a little light on his feet! What's your fighting name: the Fancy Dancer? Where'd you go? There you are!  Whoever you are, just leave me alone. What are you doing here, Twinkle Toes?! How did you find me? Not my problem. Now, get out of here, or I'll call the guards. Guards! Guards, help! I ... thought I heard someone. I got scared.  What's your problem?! Relax. Look, I'm sorry about dinner. Let's call a truce, okay? Even though I was born blind, I've never had a problem seeing. I see with earthbending. It's kind of like seeing with my feet. I feel the vibrations in the Earth, and I can see where everything is. You, that tree ... even those ants. My parents don't understand. They've always treated me like I was helpless. Yeah. They're my parents. Where else am I supposed to go? Yeah. You guys get to go wherever you want. No one telling you what to do, that's the life. It's just not my life. We're being ambushed! You think you're so tough? Why don't you come up here so I can snap that grin off your face?  Yes, I can. Let him go! I beat you all before and I'll do it again! Wait! They're mine. Dad, I know it's probably hard for you to see me this way. But the obedient little helpless blind girl that you think I am just isn't me. I love fighting. I love being an earthbender, and I'm really, really good at it. I know I've kept my life secret from you, but you were keeping me secret from the whole world. You were doing it to protect me, but I'm twelve years old and I've never had a real friend. So, now that you see who I really am, I hope it doesn't change the way you feel about me. It has? But, Dad! I'm sorry too. Goodbye, Aang.  My dad changed his mind. He said I was free to travel the world.  Good idea. Speaking of which, I want to show you something. Now we're even. Um, I'll take the belt back. Ow!  Bring it! It's nice to get a chance to relax a little. It hardly ever happens. What does it say? Did you at least get some good meat? Seriously? You guys didn't find any meat? Hey! You guys picked a great campsite. The grass is so soft.  Excuse me, does anyone have a razor? Because I've got some hairy pits!  Hey, don't worry about me. I'm good to go.  Katara, I'm fine. I can carry my own weight. I don't need a fire, I've already collected my own food and look, my tent's all set up.  I don't understand what's the problem here!  Yeah, you do seem pretty tired. Well, good night. There's something coming toward us!  It feels like an avalanche, but also not an avalanche.  Ah, land sweet land! See you guys in the morning!  Really? You need me to help unload Sokka's funky-smelling sleeping bag?  Look! I didn't ask you to help unload my stuff! I'm carrying my own weight.  What? Look here, sugar queen, I gave up everything I had so that I could teach Aang earthbending. So don't you talk to me about being selfish!  That thing is back! And how does it keep finding us?  Oh, I didn't realize the baby still needed someone to tuck her in bed. Who's Zuko? I can feel it with my own two feet!  We can take them. Three on three.  Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't count you. You know, no bending and all.  Okay, three on three plus Sokka.  I still think we could have taken them.  Don't know ... too tired to think.  What's going on?  What!?  No, I want to hear what Katara has to say. You think I have issues? You're blaming me for this? Hey, I never asked you for diddly-doo-dah. I carry my own weight. Besides, if there's anyone to blame, it's Sheddy over here! Yeah, you want to know how they keep finding us? He's leaving a trail everywhere we go!  I'm out of here.  You seem a little too old.  I know what you're thinking ... I look like I can't handle being by myself. You wouldn't even let me pour my own cup of tea! People see me and think I'm weak. They want to take care of me, but I can take care of myself, by myself.  So where is your nephew? Is he lost? So now you're following him. Your nephew is very lucky, even if he doesn't know it. Thank you.  No, thank you for what you said. It helped me.  Oh, and about your nephew, maybe you should tell him that you need him, too. I thought you guys could use a little help. So how did it go with the guru? Did you master the Avatar State? There's no one else here. Wait! Someone's at the door. [ Actually, I know who it is. It's an old friend of mine. Glad to see you're okay. I met him in the woods once and knocked him down.  Then he gave me some tea and some very good advice. Well, what'd you know? There is an ancient city down there. But it's deep. They're not the real Kyoshi Warriors! See any Dai Li agents nearby?  That is a nice trick. So, what's your strategy for taking him down? Gonna get your glow on and hit him with a little Avatar State action? You know what I just heard? Blah, blah, spiritual mumbo jumbo blah, blah, something about space.  No way! Is that-  You guys here for a rematch?  Sweet.  Yeah, congratulations, Sokka. You managed to invent a worse way of travel than flying.  I hope you kick some serious Fire Lord butt, Twinkle Toes.  I couldn't! The library was sinking! You guys were still inside and-  I can hardly feel any vibrations out here. The sandbenders snuck up on me and there wasn't time for – No. Katara, can I have some more water? It does taste swampy. Can I get some of that cactus? What? What is what? As far as I can feel, we're trapped in a giant bowl of sand pudding. I got nothin'. Is there any more water? Yesterday my mouth tasted like mud. Now it just tastes like sand. I never thought I'd miss the taste of mud so much. Ow! Crud! I am so sick of not feeling where I'm going! And what idiot buried a boat in the middle of the desert‌? Believe me, I kicked it hard enough to feel plenty of vibrations.  A rock‌?! Yes! Let's go! Ahhh ... Finally! Solid ground! I don't think this is a normal cave. This was carved by something.  There's something buzzing in here. Something that's coming for us! Sorry, I can't tell where they are in the air! I recognize the son's voice. He's the one that stole Appa. I never forget a voice. You said to put a muzzle on him! What about the Dragon of the West? He got in. Yeah, thanks for the tour, but we still got the drill problem. Maybe you'd like the Avatar's help now? By hitting its pressure points!  Once I whip up some cover, you're not going to be able to see. So, stay close to me. Run! Everyone into the hole!  Oh no, what a nightmare! No way am I going in that metal monster. I can't bend in there. I'll try to slow it down out here.  C'mon, Twinkle Toes, hurry up!  You guys need some help? Here it comes!  You're crazy. What makes you think we'll get it? I don't know if you've noticed, but things don't usually go that smoothly for our little gang. I'm with Sweetness. I've seen enough of Ba Sing Se. And I can't even see!  I don't trust the new positive Sokka. Long Feng brainwashed you, didn't he!? Can we please buy a new saddle? Riding bareback is terrifying!  What was that? How should I know? I'm still voting we leave Ba Sing Se. He has a good point. It's gone! First time flying? Yeah. I hate it, too. Long Feng intercepted our letters from home? That's just sad. I know what you mean. My mom's in the city. And from her letter it sounds like she finally understands me. I'm really gonna miss you guys.  Hello? Mom? Anyone home? Hey! Who do you think you're dealing with!? Why are we sitting in the nosebleed section? My feet can't see a thing from up here!  I think he's got you pegged!  Oh man! This writer's a genius!  Oh, they nailed you, Twinkle Toes!  I don't know, you are more in touch with your feminine side than most guys. Listen friends, it's obvious that the playwright did his research. I know it must hurt, but what you're seeing up there on that stage is the truth. This is it, this must be where I come in!  Here it comes ... Wait a minute,  ] I sound like a guy. A really buff guy. Are you kidding me? I wouldn't have cast it any other way! [ At least it's not a flying bald lady!   Geez, everyone's getting so upset about their characters. Even you seem more down than usual, and that's saying something! Yeah, that's pretty great!  You have redeemed yourself to your uncle. You don't realize it, but you already have. Because I once had a long conversation with the guy, and all he would talk about was you. Yeah, and it was kind of annoying. But it was also very sweet. All your uncle wanted was for you to find your own path, and see the light. Now you're here with us. He'd be proud.  That's how I show affection. You said it.  Don't look at me, I didn't touch your stuff.  Ouch.   You're gonna need to learn to draw your firebending from a different source. I recommend the original source.  No. Zuko needs to go back to whatever the original source of firebending is. I don't know. For earthbending, the original benders were badgermoles.  One day, when I was little, I ran away and hid in a cave. That's where I met them. They were blind, just like me. So we understood each other. I was able to learn earthbending, not just as a martial art, but as an extension of my senses. For them, the original earthbenders, it wasn't just about fighting. It was their way of interacting with the world.   Hey! Can you two old ladies quit your bickering for a second? I got to go to the bathroom! Let me out of here so I can kick both your butts!  Come on, metal. Budge! Wooo! Toph, you rule.  It's not! It's the real deal!  I am the greatest earthbender in the world! Don't you two dunderheads ever forget it!   Yeah, we wouldn't want a bird to hear us chatting up there and turn us in.  Plus, they have real food out there. Does anyone want to sit in the dirt and eat cave hoppers? Hm ... I should probably wear shoes. But then I won't be able to see as well. Sorry, shoes! Finally, a stylish shoe for the blind earthbender. Yeah, we got our outfits. What do you need to go to school for? Ha ha!   They're coming! Everyone stop bending.  Who knew Twinkle Toes could dance?  Way to go, dancy pants. I think you really did help those kids, you taught them to be free.  A lot, actually. There's hundreds of little ... We did make plans. We're all picking mini-vacations.  You spent years walking through the desert to find some guy's library?  Hmm, sounds like good times.  Uh, hey, what about me? When do I get to pick? Hmph!   Does this place even exist?  Shouldn't you have mentioned that before?   There it is! That's what it will sound like when one of you spots it.   Actually, that won't be necessary. The inside seems to be completely intact. And it's huge. I say you guys go ahead without me. I've held books before. And I gotta tell you, they don't exactly do it for me. Let me know if they have something you can listen to.  What's up?  So ... you like ... flying? Of course, I'm more comfortable on the ground where I can see. Well, I don't see the way you do. I feel the vibrations in the ground with my feet. But this sand is so loose and shifty, it makes everything look fuzzy. Not that there's anything wrong with fuzzy.  I already told you, I don't wanna snuggle. Library sinking. Library sinking! Hi-yah!  What is it now?  Who's there? Don't make me put this down. No! Stop sinking! No! I'm sorry, Appa.   Pah! Plegh!   Too bad your skills aren't on the hook. I don't feel anything. Where is the village?  Hey, loud mouths! Maybe we should be a little quieter when we talk about  "taking out the Fire Lord."  Finagle away, oh schedule master. Well I'm> not waking up early. Forget it! Wow, Sokka, I didn't realize you cared so much. He must have gotten sick from being in the polluted water. Is it just me, or does this place seem different?  We need more food. Our friend is still sick and we can't leave until he's better.  What's going on?  Maybe we can clean the river! What are you doing? Water Tribe slumber parties must stink.  Wait! Guys, did you hear that? I hear people under the mountain. And they're screaming.  No, I'm serious. I hear something. It just ... stopped. Maybe it's treasure! Ooh! Hand it over!  This isn't as easy as it looks! I thought they were ocean kumquats. Maybe the Moon Spirit just turned mean. Where does Old Man Ding live? Oh no! I did hear people screaming under the mountain. The missing villagers must still be there!  I can hear them. They're this way! This is the place.  That's why you have me. Let's go! I'll get these people out of here. You go!  How could you do this to me? You betrayed me! Good job, Twinkle Toes. Visualize, then attack. What's the matter? Can't handle a little dirt, Madame Fussy-Britches? Hungry for a mud pie?  While Katara cleans up, let's go have some fun! I gotta say, I like the idea of not talking to you.   We can get more money. Right there.  This is where you seeing people are at a disadvantage. Everyone guesses wrong because the dealer moves the rock at the last minute. But I can feel it with my earthbending.  How can I possibly play? I'm blind.  More interesting? How?  I'll do it for forty silver pieces.  I won!   Hey! I only cheated because he was cheating! I cheated a cheater. What's wrong with that? Why? Because it's fun? And you hate fun? Could you for once stop being such a sourpuss and just lighten up?  Yeah! Maybe! Maybe then you'd see   how great we have it! I mean, look at us! We're traveling around the world! Making easy money! Having fun! With no parents to tell us what to do! Whatever. I do hate them.  Look, I ran away to help Aang!  I'll stop when I wanna stop and not when you tell me!  Well it sounds like a sheet of paper, but I guess you're referring to what's on the sheet of paper.  A wanted poster! That's so great! "The Runaway." I love my new nickname. Is there a picture of me? Does it look good? Don't be such a worrywart like your sister. Think of it this way: Now you've got plenty of money to help with the invasion plan.   Here's a little extra, so you can get yourself a nice map of the Fire Nation. You know what? Make it an atlas. Of course you do. And that's why this wanted poster is going to stay our little secret.  Yes, we were.  No, I don't. Yes. Really.  I don't know! I mean, seriously! What is with you people? I'm blind!   Where did you get that!? You went through my stuff! You had no right! That's a lie! You're lying, Katara!  Oh really, Mom? Or what are you gonna do? Send me to my room? Well you can't! Because you're not my mom, and you're not their mom!  No, but you certainly act like it! You think it's your job to boss everyone around, but it's not! You're just a regular kid like the rest of us! So stop acting like you can tell me what to do! I can do whatever I want! I can't be around you right now! So lemme guess: You brought me out here to tell me that your sister's not as annoying as I make her out to be. Yeah. I don't know how you could deal with it. I don't understand. I guess I never thought about that. The truth is sometimes Katara does act motherly, but that's not always a bad thing. She's compassionate and kind, and she actually cares about me. You know, the real me. That's more than my own mom. Don't ever tell her I said any of this!  Katara, stop. You don't need to apologize. I was the one being stupid. These scams are out of control, and I'm done with them.  What? You wanna pull a scam?  You know I'm in! Now what's this idea of yours?   How could you do this to me? You betrayed me! Hey! What kind of cell is this? Wait! It's a trap! Not for us, Katara! We're the bait! He wants Aang!  But, this was your idea. Katara, you are fun. If nothing else, you're at least fun to argue with. It's okay. I was really mad when you said that because ... well because, maybe it's true. I try not to think about it, but when I left, I probably really hurt them. I don't know. I wish we had some earth or water. We need bendables. I left it back at camp. I was worried they would take it.  Um, Katara? Are you okay?  Well, what are you doing?  Katara! You're a genius! A sweaty, stinky genius! Let's get out of here! Good job, Sokka. Now let's get outta here before Combustion Man catches us. Katara? I need your help.  I need you to write some things down for me. I wanna send a letter to my parents. You sure that's the best way to go? Deadly route. Great pick, Sokka! I'll take care of this. My name is Toph Beifong, and I'll need four tickets.  It is your pleasure. As you can see, I am blind and these three imbeciles are my valets.  -is my seeing-eye lemur. Thank you very much. I can't believe you're still complaining about it. What does it say?  "Thanks for saving my life, Toph." Hey, no problem, Sokka.  Actually, I'm going to stay on my little island, where I can see! Okay, I'm coming!  It's hard to ignore. Help! I can't swim! Help!  Oh Sokka, you saved me!  Oh ... well ... you can go ahead and let me drown now. So, you want to go see the baby, or are you going to faint like an old lady again? She sounds healthy. Say hi to that big fuzzball for me.   Come on! We can get out through here! I can clear that away and we can fly out through there! I'm ready. You call it dirt, I call it a healthy coating of earth! Do I have to?! The Fancy Lady Day Spa? Sounds like my kinda place. Sure, Katara, whatever you say. As long as they don't touch my feet. Well, that wasn't so bad. I'm not usually into that stuff but I actually feel ... girly. Thanks.  No, no, that was a good one. Like your poodle monkey. You know what else is a good one?  It's okay. One of the good things about being blind, is I don't have to waste my time worrying about appearance. I don't care what I look like. I'm not looking for anyone's approval. I know who I am.   I am? I'd return the compliment, but I've no idea how you look like. Thank you, Katara.  Hey, we're here! I can feel it! Wow ... it's amazing!  Who's ... oh, never mind. If it's important I'll find out. What's up with him?  I think that'll have to wait. You want to what now? Appa does seem to like him. That guy locked me and Katara in jail and tried to blow us all up! Actually, he wasn't lying. I'm just saying that, considering his messed-up family and how he was raised, he could have turned out a lot worse. All I know is that while he was talking to us, he was sincere. Maybe you're all just letting your hurt feelings keep you from thinking clearly.  Because Katara, you're all ignoring one crucial fact: Aang needs a firebending teacher! We can't think of a single person in the world to do the job! Now one shows up on a silver platter, and you won't even think about it?  Ergh! I'm beginning to wonder who's really the blind one around here!  It's me! Ow! You burned my feet! Get away from me!  Get off me, get off me!  My feet got burned! I just told you, my feet got burned! Well, I kind of went to see Zuko last night.  I thought he could be helpful to us. And if I talked to him, maybe we could work something out. Well, he did, and he didn't. It was sort of an accident.  Yes. Yeah, me too. Maybe just invite him back here. He's already offered himself up as a prisoner once. Ahhh, that's the stuff. Now I know how the rest of you guys feel. Not being able to see with your feet stinks.  He's going to blast this whole place right off the cliff side! Go ahead and let him join. It'll give me plenty of time to get back at him for burning my feet. Care to hear your fortune, handsome? You're a genius!  Well, look who's here!   All old people know each other. Don't you know that?   That's the one.   Wait! Someone's missing from your group. Someone very important. Where's Momo?  Oh well. So long as they have each other, I'm sure we have nothing to worry about. Let's go!  Escape? I didn't escape. Everybody else escaped. There I was back in Omashu, waiting for just the right moment. I didn't know what or when, but I knew I'd know it when I knew it. An eclipse. That'll do it. Taking back my city! You've got no firepower. And it's payback time!  So what about you guys? Did you do anything interesting on the day of the eclipse?  Well, here we are. Welcome to Old People Camp.  Look around you! What do you see?  Instead of seeing what they want you to see, you got to open your brain to the possibilities.  The world's greatest superslide!  Throw them ... a feast!  The people in my city have gotten fat from too many feasts, so I hope you like your chicken with no skin.  How about you? I bet you like meat.  So tell me, young bald one, where are you from?  Oh, Kangaroo Island, eh? I hear that place is really hopping!  Well, all these good jokes are making me tired. Guess it's time to hit the hay.  There's an airbender in our presence, and not just any airbender. The Avatar!  Now, what do you have to say for yourself, Mr. Pippinpaddleopsicopolis? Lettuce leaf?  Tomorrow, the Avatar will face three deadly challenges. But for now, the guards will show you to your chamber.  The newly refurbished chamber. The one that used to be the bad chamber, until the recent refurbishing, that is. Of course, we've been calling it the new chamber, but we really should number them. Uh, take them to the refurbished chamber that was once bad!  First, Avatar, what do you think of my new outfit? I want your honest opinion. I'm waiting. Excellent! You passed the first test.  Well, not one of the deadly tests. The real challenges are much more, uh, challenging. Oh, I thought you might refuse, so I will give your friends some special souvenirs.  Those delightful rings are made of pure jennamite, also known as creeping crystal. It's a crystal that grows remarkably fast. By nightfall your friends will be completely covered in it. Terrible thing, really. I can stop it, but only if you cooperate. It seems I've lost my lunch box key and I'm hungry. Ooh, there it is! Would you mind fetching it for me?  Ooh, climbing the ladder. No one's thought of that before. That's right. Keep diving head in. I'm sure it'll work eventually. Ah, not yet. I need help with another matter. It seems I've lost my pet, Flopsie. Bring him to me. Daddy wants a kiss from Flopsie!  Oh, that's a good boy. Yes, who has a soft belly?  Oh, yes. Your final test is a duel. And as a special treat, you may choose your opponent. Point and choose. Choose wisely! Wrong choice! You thought I was a frail old man, but I'm the most powerful earthbender you'll ever see. There are no take-backsies in my kingdom. You might need this.  Typical airbender tactic: avoid and evade. I hoped the Avatar would be less predictable. Don't you have any surprises for me? Sooner or later you'll have to strike back! You'll have to be a little more creative than that! Did someone leave the windows open? It feels a little drafty in here. Are you hoping I'll catch a cold? How are you going to get me from way over there? Well done, Avatar. You fight with much fire in your heart. You've passed all my tests. Now, you must answer one question. Oh, but what's the point of tests if you don't learn anything? Answer this one question and I will set your friends free. What ... is my name? From the looks of your friends I'd say you only have a few minutes. Oh Aang, it's good to see you. You haven't changed a bit. Literally. Jennamite is made of rock candy. Delicious! Who are you calling old? Okay, I'm old. First of all, it's pretty fun messing with people. But I do have a reason. Aang, you have a difficult task ahead. The world has changed in the hundred years that you've been gone. It's the duty of the Avatar to restore balance to the world by defeating Fire Lord Ozai. You have much to learn. You must master the four elements and confront the Fire Lord. And when you do, I hope you will think like a mad genius. And it looks like you're in good hands. You'll need your friends to help defeat the Fire Nation. And you'll need Momo, too. Sorry about the wait, youngsters. Who's ready to cross this here canyon? I can't guide people who aren't here.  I ... uh ... well ... Okay, now comes the bad news. No food allowed in the canyon, it attracts dangerous predators.  Oh, you babies can go a day without food? Would you rather be hungry, or dead? Now, we're heading down in ten minutes. All food better be in your gut or in the garbage! The job's much more than bending, kid. Folks want information. Many of you are probably wondering how canyons are formed. Experts tell us this canyon was most likely carved into the ground by earth spirits who were angry at local farmers for not offering them a proper sacrifice. He he he, guess the spirits are still angry! Hope you all brought sacrifices. Okay, everyone stand clear of the wall.  These people are fleeing the Fire Nation, aren't they? Gotta make sure we can't be followed. We'll be safe now.   Canyon crawler. And there's sure to be more! Without my arms, I got no bending. In other words- No bendng ... we need to get out of this canyon ... I won't die down here! I won't become part of the food chain!  Lonely isn't it, being impartial? I'm not so sure the two problems are unrelated. All clear, we're almost to the other side. They're coming back for me! They've had a taste and they're coming back for me!  I'm going too! I'm sick of this place!  Da, da, da. Don't fall in love with the traveling girl. She'll leave you broke and brokenhearted. Hey, river people!  You're not? Well then what kind of people are you? Aren't we all, brother? I'm Chong and this is my wife, Lily. We're nomads, happy to go wherever the wind takes us!   Hey, me too! Oh. Nice underwear ...  Well not everywhere, Little Arrowhead. But where we haven't been, we've heard about through stories and songs. Wow, sounds like someone has a case of destination fever. You're worried too much about where you're going. Sounds like you're headed to Omashu. There's an old story about a secret pass right through the mountains. Oh, it's a real legend. And it's as old as earthbending itself. Two lovers, forbidden from one another, the war divides their people and the mountain divides them apart! Built a path to be together! Yeah, I forget the next couple of lines, but then it goes ... Secret tunnel! Secret tunnel! Through the mountains, secret, secret, secret, secret tunnel! Yeah! Actually, it's not just one tunnel. The lovers didn't want anyone to find out about their love, so they built a whole labyrinth!  Oh, I'm sure we'll figure it out. Hey-hey! We're here! The curse says that only those who trust in love can make it through the caves. Otherwise, you'll be trapped in them forever. Oh yeah, and die. Hey, I just remembered the rest of that song! And die! That is correct, Master Arrowhead.  Uh, about two hours each. We don't need a map. We just need love. The little guy knows it.  The tunnels, they're a-changin'. It must be the curse! I knew we shouldn't have come down here! It's a giant flying thing with teeth! Yeah, it's no use. We're separated. But at least you have us!  Oh, don't let the cave-in get you down! Don't let the falling rocks turn your smile into a frown! When the tunnels are darkest, that's when you need a clown, hey! Don't let the cave-in get you down, Sokka! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. We're thinking of ideas‌>? Because I've had an idea for, like, an hour now. Well, then listen to this: If love is the key out of here, then all we need to do is play a love song!   Even if you're lost, you can't lose the love because it's in your heart ... Hey! You saved us, Sokka! From what? Hey, those things are music lovers!  The big, bad badgermoles who earthbend the tunnels, hate the wolfbats, but love the sounds!  Nobody react to what I'm about to tell you: I think that kid might be the Avatar! Sokka, I hope you learned a little something about not letting the plans get in the way of the journey.  Hey! Good plan! Even if you're lost, you can't lose the love because it's in your heart. Da, da, da ... Drop your weapons. Come with us, son.  Calm down, you're safe now. There's no war in Ba Sing Se. There is no war within the walls. Here we are safe. Here, we are free. Should we take care of him? Huh? You've got company. You're under house arrest.  Oooh-whee! This place ain't nothing like a swamp. What you reckon that is, Tho? Some sort of Fire Nation exploding trap what eat ya?  Well, I'll be.   Hey Huu! Where you been?  What'd you reckon make a track like that, Tho? Leaves a nice, wide trail to folla'. Look at that Tho. Is that a little hairy fella ridin' that thing? Bet he tastes a lot like possum chicken. C'mon now, fellas. Just a little closer. Nice and easy. Nothing to worry about. We just fixin' to eat ya.  Well, we are!  Well how'd I know they'd understand me? We're under attack! You too! That means we're kin! Hey Huu! How you been? How you like that possum chicken? You want me to eat old Slim? He's like a member of the family!  Oh, he don't eat no bugs! That's people food. Come on, spidersnake eyes! Ha! Ha! Yeah! Ow! That your favorite word, no? Dressed 'em up in Fire Nation uniforms and put 'em on the front line unarmed, the way I heard it. Then they just watched. He's no ordinary soldier. This is the Fire Lord's brother, the Dragon of the West. The once-great General Iroh, but now, he's our prisoner. We're taking you to face justice. A place you're quite familiar with, actually. You once laid siege to it for 600 days, but it would not yield to you. It was greater than you were, apparently. What's the problem? Too loose? Very well. Corporal, tighten the prisoner's handcuffs. I agree. He must be dealt with immediately and severely. These dangerous hands must be crushed.  Surrender yourselves. It's five against two. You're clearly outnumbered. What are you people doing here? Civilians aren't allowed on the wall! Welcome, Avatar Aang! I am General Fong, and welcome, to all of you great heroes! Appa, Momo, brave Sokka, the mighty Katara ...  Avatar Aang, we were all amazed at the stories of how you singlehandedly wiped out an entire Fire Navy fleet at the North Pole. I can't imagine what it feels like to wield such devastating power. It's an awesome responsibility.  Avatar, you're ready to face the Fire Lord now. Why? With the kind of power he possesses, power enough to destroy hundreds of battle ships in a matter of minutes, he could defeat the Fire Lord now!  I'm well aware! Your eyes and tattoos glow and you're able to summon unbelievable power. Without you, we'd be slaughtered before we even reach their shores. But with you leading the way, as the ultimate weapon, we could cut a swath right through to the heart of the Fire Nation. So, it's decided then. I'll help you figure out how to get into the Avatar State and then you'll face your destiny. Well, while you take your time learning the elements, the War goes on. May I show you something? That's the infirmary, and those soldiers are the lucky ones. They came back. Every day, the Fire Nation takes lives. People are dying, Aang! You could end it, now. Think about it. Come in, Aang. Have you thought about our discussion?  We have to find a way.  You sure I can't change your mind? I see. I was afraid you'd say that.  Men! Attack the Avatar!  I believe we're about to get results. You can't run forever!  Maybe you can avoid me ... but she can't. You could save her if you were in the Avatar State!  I don't see glowing!   Apparently, I do.  It worked! It worked!  Avatar Aang! Can you hear me? Your friend is safe! It was just a trick to trigger the Avatar State ... and it worked!  Ha! Are you joking? That was almost perfect! We just have to find out a way to control you when you're like that. I guess we'll figure it out on the way to the Fire Nation.  The guest has the first move. I see you favor the white lotus gambit. Not many still cling to the ancient ways.  Then let us play. Welcome, brother. The White Lotus opens wide to those who know her secrets.  I knew it! You two are wanted criminals with a giant bounty on your heads!  You think you're going to capture them and collect all that gold? It is an honor to welcome such a high-ranking member of the Order of the White Lotus. Being a Grand Master, you must know so many secrets.  The city is filled with refugees. No one will notice two more. No food?! This is ridiculous. Maybe you Zhangs wouldn't have so many sick people if you weren't such slobs. Absolutely not! We'd rather be taken by the Fire Nation than travel with those stinking thieves! It's the Zhangs! They took food down here even after the canyon guide told them not to. I hope you're happy. We're stuck in this canyon with no way out. Now there's something we can agree on. See! We're going to become part of the food chain because of you!  Gladly. No, but you can never be too careful, right? Would you care for some bread, Katara? Oh come now, you really think that tribe of thieves isn't smuggling food? Why should my people go hungry when the sneaky Zhangs are stuffing their faces? You seem like a smart girl Katara, I bet you would enjoy hearing some history. The patriarch of our tribe, Jin Wei, was an earthbender warrior who was assigned an important duty, transporting our sacred orb from the great eastern gate, to the great western gate. Taking the orb from the east to the west represents the sun's rising and setting. It was our tribe's ancient redemption ritual. But as he approached the gate, Jin Wei was attacked by one of the Zhang, a vermin named Wei Jin, who looked at the orb with envy. That coward Wei Jin knocked Jin Wei to the ground, and stole our sacred orb. Our people have never forgotten. You can never trust a Zhang. Maybe the Zhang can climb the wall with their long disgusting fingernails. Why, you dirty thief! Yes, perhaps he is.  Action will! To the death! And let this be the end of this rivalry! And I never knew you Zhangs were so reliable in a pinch. Too bad we can't rewrite history. You thieves stole our sacred orb from Jin Wei!  Yes, yes, we're all aware of the story.  And look to the future. I cannot thank you enough, Avatar.  Ugh! What about our tribe's redemption ritual?  If you're looking for the canyon guide, I was here first! Believe me, he's more than a tour guide, he's an earthbender, and the only way in and out of the canyon is with his help, and he's taking my tribe across next. You wouldn't be so calm if the Fire Nation destroyed your home and forced you> to flee! My whole tribe has to walk thousands of miles to the capital city of Ba Sing Se. Huh, tell me something I don't know. It most certainly is not! That's the Zhang tribe, a bunch of low-life thieves. They've been the enemies of my tribe for a hundred years. Hey, Zhangs! I'm saving a spot for my tribe so don't even think about stealing it! Yes, but they sent me ahead of them to hold a spot. Ha, of course you didn't! That's the ignorance I'd expect from a messy Zhang.> So unorganized and ill-prepared for a journey.   I was here first, my party's on their way. Wait, here they come!  We've got old people who are weary from traveling. You a friend of Lee's?  He doesn't have to say who he is if he doesn't want to, Sela. Anyone who can hold his own against those bully soldiers is welcome here. Those men should be ashamed to wear Earth Kingdom uniforms. Lee, give it a rest. Stop asking the man personal questions, got it? It's not nice to bother people about things they might not want to talk about. A man's past is his business. What do you think they want? What do you want, Gow?  You watch your mouth! I'm going to the front. I'm going to find Sensu and bring him back. Your Majesty. I apologize for the interruption. We searched Long Feng's office. I think we found something that will interest everybody.  There are secret files on everyone in Ba Sing Se. Including you kids. This scroll was attached to the horn of your bison when the Dai Li captured it. But there is an intelligence report that might interest you.  General Fong's base will serve as the launching point for the attack. In exactly two months, the army and navy will invade the Fire Nation on the Day of Black Sun.  All we need is the Earth King's seal in order to execute the plan.   It is an honor to welcome you to the Outer Wall, young Avatar, but your help is not needed.  Not needed. I have the situation under control. I assure you the Fire Nation cannot penetrate this wall. Many have tried to break through it, but none have succeeded.  Well ... uh, technically yes, but he was quickly expunged. Nevertheless, that is why the city is named Ba Sing Se. It's the "impenetrable city". They don't call it Na Sing Se. That means "penetrable city." Not for long. To stop it, I've sent an elite platoon of earthbenders called the Terra Team.  We're doomed!   You're right. I'm sorry.  Yes, please. What's wrong with him? He doesn't look injured.  Soldiers, whatever you do, don't stop shooting rocks down there! Put a muzzle on him! Ransack his saddle. Who knows what treasures are stashed in there! He's tied up good. He can't hurt you. Nothing. It's the one we stole from the Hami Tribe. Did you empty the saddle? That's it? Nothing but garbage! Uh, pretty good. Most of the time.  He's your problem now!  You dare accuse our people of theft while you ride in on a stolen sand sailer‌?! Sorry, father. They're lying! They're the thieves! I-It wasn't me! I'm sorry! I didn't know that it belonged to the Avatar!  I traded him! To some merchants! He's probably in Ba Sing Se by now! They were going to sell him there! Please! We'll escort you out of the desert! We'll help however we can! Hey! You throwing eggs at us, stranger? You see who did throw it? Egg had to come from somewhere. Thanks for your contribution. The army appreciates your support. You better leave town. Penalty for stayin's a lot steeper than you can afford, stranger. Trust me.  Just thought someone ought to tell you that your son's battalion got captured. You boys hear what the Fire Nation did with their last group of Earth Kingdom prisoners? Why bother rooting around in the mud with these pigs?  Who do you think you are, telling us what to do?  Are you gonna let this stranger stand there and insult you like this? Who ... who are you? Hi, Mom. Uh, you must have me confused with some other kid. They're crazy, Mom! I mean, look at how they're dressed. They're thugs. They steal from us. And everyone here's too much of a coward to do anything about it. My mom said you can sleep here tonight. But you should leave in the morning. That's okay. It's funny, the way you were talking back in the store? It reminded me of him. My father was very courageous. When the Fire Nation invaded, he and the other earthbenders were outnumbered ten to one. But they fought back anyway.  After the attack, they rounded up my father and every other earthbender, and took them away. We haven't seen them since. Yeah. Problem is ... the only way I can feel close to my father now is when I practice my bending. He taught me everything I know. It's beautiful. It's not enough, is it? The mine! There's no time, pull harder!  I can't.>  Katara?  What are you doing here?  So, you got yourself arrested? You've got guts, Katara. I'll give you that. Come on. There's someone I want you to meet. Katara. This is my father, Tyro. Dad. This is Katara. I want to thank you for saving me. For saving us. It wasn't the coal, Katara. It was you.   Come with us. That's him, isn't it? The Avatar. Katara, thank you for bringing my father back to me. I never thought I'd see him again. I only wish there was some way ...  Hi, Katara.   Katara inspired me and my father to take back our village.   They're probably on their way to a prison. Seems like my dad just got out and now he's going back in.  Let's go check it out! Maybe she's just exploring the air temple. There are some pretty fun spots to practice earthbending. Where have you been, Haru? You're late! Get started on your chores.  They saw you doing what?! You know how dangerous that is! You know what would happen if they caught you earthbending!  What do you want? I've already paid you this week! Five years. Fire Lord Ozai uses our town's coal mines to fuel his ships.  Quiet, Haru! Don't talk like that. Earthbending is forbidden. It's caused nothing but misery for this village! He must never use his abilities.  You don't understand. They could take Haru away! Like they took his father. The movements of the Earth King and all the generals have been plotted out step-by-step. Oh, yes. More than cooperating. She's really taken charge. She's terrifying and inspirational at the same time. It's hard to explain. What's going on here?!  Pants are an illusion, and so is death. Communin' with nature. Takes a while to collect this much seaweed.  Wait! I didn't call you here. The Avatar? Come with me.  I protect the swamp from folks that want to hurt it, like this fella with his big knife. Oh the swamp is a mystical place all right. It's sacred. I reached enlightenment right here under the banyan-grove tree. I heard it calling me, just like you did.  See this whole swamp is actually just one tree spread out over miles. Branches spread and sink, take root, and spread some more. One big, living organism. Just like the entire world. Sure. You think you're any different from me or your friends or this tree? If you listen hard enough, you can hear every living thing breathing together. You can feel everything growing. We're all living together, even if most folks don't act like it. We all have the same roots and we are all branches of the same tree. In the swamp, we see visions of people we've lost, people we loved, folks we think are gone. But the swamp tells us they're not. We're still connected to them. Time is an illusion and so is death. You're the Avatar. You tell me. You know, scared some folks, swung some vines, the usual. I can't do anything like that. I just bend the water in the plants. Look at them, firebenders living right under everyone's nose. We are. When I get the evidence I need, I'll report them to the police and let them handle it. Ok‌ay?  They're not there. You'll have to firebend, old man. Where're you going? What‌? Oh great, it's you guys. Where have you been‌? I could use some help with surveillance here!  Oh, really? You both think this? Well, maybe if you'd help me! Maybe you've forgotten why we need to start over. Maybe you've forgotten about how the Fire Nation left us all homeless‌. How they wiped out all the people we loved. If you don't want to help me, I'll get the evidence on my own.  I'm tired of waiting! These two men are firebenders! I know they're firebenders, I saw the old man heating his tea!  He's a firebender! I'm telling you!  You'll have to defend yourself. Then everyone will know. Go ahead, show them what you can do.  You must be getting tired of using those swords. Why don't you go ahead and firebend at me? Bet you wish he'd help you out with a little fire blast right now. You see that‌?! The Fire Nation is trying to silence me. It'll never happen. Arrest them! They're firebenders! You don't understand! They're Fire Nation! You have to believe me! You have to believe me, they're firebenders! They won't stop until they win the War. What're you talking about? Where do you think all the refugees come from? You can't hide it! Down you go.  Gotta be quicker next time. Hey. My name is Jet, and these are my Freedom Fighters, Sneers, Longshot, Smellerbee, The Duke, and Pipsqueak. I should be thanking you. We were waiting to ambush those soldiers all morning, we just needed the right distraction, and then you guys stumbled in. You'll get yourself killed doing that. That's a great score. Also good, let's not get those mixed up. You wanna see it? We're here. Hold this.  Aang?  Grab hold of me, Katara. It's beautiful ... and more importantly the Fire Nation can't find us.  It's not gonna happen, Smellerbee. I guess you could say I've been causing them a little trouble. See, they took over a nearby Earth Kingdom town a few years back. One day, we'll drive the Fire Nation out of here for good and free that town. No problem. He probably had a rough day. That's right. Longshot over there? His town got burned down by the Fire Nation. And we found The Duke trying to steal our food. I don't think he ever really had a home.  The Fire Nation killed my parents. I was only eight years old. That day changed me forever. I'm so sorry, Katara. Today, we struck another blow against the Fire Nation swine. I got a special joy from the look on one soldier's face, when The Duke dropped down on his helmet and rode him like a wild hog monkey. Now, the Fire Nation thinks they don't have to worry about a couple of kids hiding in the trees. Maybe they're right. Or maybe ... they're dead wrong.  Thanks. By the way, I was really impressed with you and Aang. That was some great bending I saw out there today. Avatar huh? Very nice. So I might know a way that you and Aang can help in our struggle. Sokka, you're kidding me! I needed you on an important mission tomorrow.  What are you doing?  Good trick.  How many?  Good work, Sokka. Ready your weapon.  What are you doing in our woods, you leech? Do you like destroying towns? Do you like destroying families? Do you? Does the Fire Nation let people go? Does the Fire Nation have mercy? He's Fire Nation! Search him!  Have you forgotten that the Fire Nation killed your mother? Remember why you fight! It's what has to be done, now let's get outta here. Come on, Sokka! Sokka, you told them what happened, but you didn't mention that the guy was Fire Nation? He was an assassin, Sokka. See? There's a compartment for poison in the knife. . He was sent to eliminate me; you helped save my life, Sokka. That's because he was concealing it. Tell me you guys aren't leaving yet. I really need your help. The Fire Nation is planning on burning down our forest. If you both use waterbending to fill the reservoir, we could fight the fires. But if you leave now, they'll destroy the whole valley. Let's go. Now listen, you are not to blow the dam until I give the signal. If the reservoir isn't full, the Fire Nation troops could survive.  Look Duke, that's the price of ridding this area of the Fire Nation. Now don't blow the dam until I give the signal—got it?  Sokka, I'm glad you decided to join us.  Our plan is to rid the valley of the Fire Nation. We can't win without making some sacrifices.  Because they don't understand the demands of war. Not like you and I do. I was hoping you'd have an open mind, but I can see you've made your choice. I can't let you warn Katara and Aang. Take him for a walk, a long walk. Cheer up, Sokka. We're gonna win a great victory against the Fire Nation today. No worries, he already apologized. Yeah, I was surprised too. I got the sense that maybe you talked to him or something. I guess something you said got through to him. Anyhow, he went out on a scouting mission with Pipsqueak and Smellerbee. All right, we're here. Underground water's trying to escape through these vents. I need you guys to help it along. Katara. You can do this. I know the Avatar can do this. Yes! Good job! This river empties into the reservoir--a few more geysers and it'll be full. Okay. You two keep it up, I'll go check on things at the reservoir.  Actually ... probably better if you meet me back at the hideout when you're done.  Yes I would. Katara, you would too if you just stopped to think. Think about what the Fire Nation did to your mother, we can't let them do that to anyone else, ever again. I want you to understand me Katara. I thought your brother would understand, but— Katara. You're not going anywhere without your glider.  You'll have to if you want your glider back. You're too late. This was a victory, Katara. Remember that. The Fire Nation is gone and this valley will be safe. What?! Sokka, you fool! We could've freed this valley! You traitor! Katara. Please, help me. Katara?  I think I can help you. Katara, I've changed!  I don't want to fight you, I'm here to help! I'm here to help you find Appa!  I swear, I've changed! I was a troubled person and I let my anger get out of control, but I don't even have the gang now! I've put all that behind me! This is the place I heard about. I told you, I work nearby! Two guys were talking about some giant furry creature they had, I figured it must be Appa! I'll come with you. Why won't you trust me?   I don't! I don't know what she's talking about! Why would I be arrested? I've been living peacefully in the city! That's crazy! It can't be! Stay away from me! Nowhere! I- I don't know what you're talking about! I don't think it's working.   No! It's too painful! They took me to a headquarters under the water. Like a lake!  That's it! Lake Laogai. Under the water, I think. It's all starting to come back to me! I think there might be a cell big enough to hold Appa up ahead. I think it's through here!   You're in no position to bargain.  I am honored to accept his invitation.  I'm sorry ... Aang. Don't worry, Katara. I'll be fine.  I think Lee would make a good Freedom Fighter. He's just trying to find his way in the world, like us. I know he didn't get that scar from a waterbender. We are, and the new Freedom Fighters could use a guy like Lee. What do you think, Longshot? I can respect that. So, you guys got plans once you're inside the city? Hey, can I talk to you for a second? You and I have a much better chance of making it in the city if we stick together. You want to join the Freedom Fighters? Come on, we made a great team looting that captain's food. Think of all the good we could do for these refugees. Have it your way. He heated it himself! Those guys are firebenders! Aren't we all? My name's Jet and these are my Freedom Fighters, Smellerbee and Longshot. Here's the deal. I hear the captain's eating like a king while the refugees have to feed off his scraps. Doesn't seem fair, does it? The fat, happy kind. You want to help us "liberate" some food? From what I heard, people eat like this every night in Ba Sing Se. I can't wait to set my eyes on that giant wall. So you've been there before? I've done some things in my past that I'm not proud of, but that's why I'm going to Ba Sing Se: for a new beginning. A second chance. You know, as soon as I saw your scar, I knew exactly who you were. You're an outcast, like me. And us outcasts have to stick together. We have to watch each other's backs. Because no one else will.  Thank you for the tea. What's your name?  Hi Lee, my name's Jin. Thank you and ... well, I was wondering if you would like to go out sometime.  Great. I'll meet you in front of the shop at sundown. Hey. Well, look at you. You look so cute. So, how do you like the city so far?  What do you like to do for fun?  Umm ... thanks? So, Lee, where were you and your uncle living before you came here? Oh. Why were you traveling so much? Really? What did you do? Wait, lemme guess. You juggled! I've always wanted to learn how to juggle. Can you show me something? It's all right. Hey, I want to show you one of my favorite places in the city. I'm so excited for you to see the Firelight Fountain. The lamps make the water sparkle and reflect in the pool in the most beautiful way. I can't believe it! They aren't lit.  Oh, wow, What happened? How did they light? What did you?  Lee, this is so sweet. Your uncle is a good teacher. I have something for you too. Now it's your turn to close your eyes. What's wrong?  Hello, my name is Joo Dee! I have been given the great honor of showing the Avatar around Ba Sing Se. And you must be Sokka, Katara, and Toph! Welcome to our wonderful city. Shall we get started? Great! Let's begin our tour. And then I'll show you to your new home here. I think you'll like it!  You're in Ba Sing Se now. Everyone is safe here. This is the Lower Ring. Oh, Ba Sing Se has many walls! There are the ones outside protecting us, and the ones inside, that help maintain order. This is where our newest arrivals live, as well as our craftsman and artisans, people that work with their hands. It's so quaint and lively!  You do want to watch your step, though. This is the Middle Ring of Ba Sing Se, home to the financial district, shops and restaurants, and the university.  Isn't history fascinating? Look, here's one of the oldest buildings in the Middle Ring, Town Hall! The Upper Ring is home to our most important citizens. Your house is not too far from here! Inside is the Royal Palace. Those men are agents of the Dai Li, the cultural authority of Ba Sing Se. They are the guardians of all our traditions!  Oh no, one doesn't just pop in on the Earth King! Here we are! Your new home.  More good news! Your request for an audience with the Earth King is being processed, and should be put through in about month. Much more quickly than usual!  Six to eight weeks, actually.   Isn't it nice? I think you'll really enjoy it here.  The Earth King is very busy running the finest city in the world! But he will see you as soon as time permits.  I'd like to escort you anywhere you'd like to go. Oh, I won't get in the way. And to leave you alone would make me a bad host! Where shall we start? Well, I'm sorry no one has seen your bison. Why don't you go get some rest‌? Someone will be over with dinner, later. What are you doing here? You have to leave immediately, or we will be in terrible trouble!  You don't understand. You must go. Hello, Aang, and Katara, and Sokka, and Toph. What? Jail? Of course not. The Dai Li are the protectors of our cultural heritage. Oh, I simply took a short vacation to Lake Laogai, out in the country. It was quite relaxing.   I'm Joo Dee. Dropping fliers and putting up posters isn't permitted within the city. Not without proper clearance. You are absolutely forbidden by the rules of the city to continue putting up posters. I am so sorry, but they don't trust me anymore. I don't think I can keep working like this!   I am honored to accept his invitation. Come with me, please. I'm Joo Dee. I'll be your host as long as you're in our wonderful city.  .] I'm Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se. [ We're so lucky to have our walls to create order.  Get back! We're after a stowaway!  Only temporarily. The toxins will wear off in about an hour. But by then, he'll be in jail and I'll have my money.   My shirshu can smell a rat a continent away.  Well, if it isn't my new friends: Angry Boy and Uncle Lazy.  Well, I'd love to help you out, but I'm a little short on money. Drinks on me!   What happened, your girlfriend run off on you?  Whatever you say.  Heh, forget it.   Make it your weight, and we gotta deal.  Get on! The Avatar's been through here. Let's keep moving. Because the girl must have spent a lot of time here.  Oh look, he likes you! We're getting close.   So this is your girlfriend. No wonder she left, she's way too pretty for you.  It's seeking a different scent. Perhaps something that the Avatar held. Up!   Come on! Get up! Oh great. It's Prince Pouty. Where's your creepy grandpa?  I see you worked things out with your girlfriend.  Okay, okay. Sheesh. I was only teasing. So what do you want? Hm. Doesn't sound too fun.   Nyla. Who's my little, hmm, Snuffly-Wuffly? Whoa! Careful there. Okay. So who's got something with the Avatar's scent on it?  Means your friend's gone.  No, I mean he's gone gone. He doesn't exist.  Nope. We could find him if he were dead. Wow, it's a real head-scratcher. See ya.   Let's do this.   Your uncle's somewhere beyond the wall. Nyla's getting twitchy so he can't be too far. Good luck. When I saw the flying bison, I thought it was impossible! But, those markings ... are you the Avatar, child? My village desperately needs your help! This young person is the Avatar! Our village is in crisis, he's our only hope! For the last few days at sunset, a spirit monster comes and attacks our village. He is Hei Bai, the black and white spirit. As the solstice approaches, the natural world and the Spirit World grow closer and closer until the line between them is blurred completely. Who better to resolve a crisis between our world and the Spirit World than the Avatar himself? You are the great bridge between man and spirits. If anyone can save us, he can. No. Only the Avatar stands a chance against the Hei Bai. I'm sure they'll be back.  You should get some rest. Your brother is in good hands. I would be shocked if the Avatar returned without him.  The sun is rising. Perhaps he will return soon. They are hungry. The Dai Li won't give me any money because the kids stopped coming. And the kids won't come because my zoo's nasty and broke. Oh, that's a rabaroo. I wish I could get her a big open prairie like she likes. I'd let her hop away to happiness.  Say again? But how're you gonna transport all these wild critters? But you have to open this gate.  Or that! Excellent job, Avatar. You should think about working with animals for a living. On second thought, you should probably stick to saving people. I'm going to do ... nothing!   Hi, everybody!  Mmm hmmm!  Whhhoa! See you all later!  Aang, is that you? Where did you come from? Aang, stop your blowing for a minute. Now hold on just a duahhh!!!  Aang, I need to talk to you! Well, they didn't cover my face.  Listen to me, Aang. There are options in fighting, called jing. It's a choice of how you direct your energy.  ... and neutral jing when you do nothing! Well, technically there are eighty-five, but let's just focus on the third. Neutral jing is the key to earthbending. It involves listening and waiting for the right moment to strike. Yes, and it's why I can't leave now. Your teacher will be someone who has mastered neutral jing. You need to find someone who waits and listens before striking. Momo's mastered a few jings himself! Goodbye, Aang. I'll see you when the time is right.  Where's Aangy?  I wanted to see Aangy ...  You were pretty!  What's taking you so long, Aangy?  What's taking so long?  Where's Unagi? It's getting late.  Sorry, Aang! Maybe next time. Katara's fine. You have nothing to worry about. Well, she met with the Council of Generals to plan the invasion, and since then, she been off with your friends, the Kyoshi Warriors. Believe me, if there was any danger at all, Bosco's animal instincts would sense it. In time for what?  I'm not leaving without Bosco!  Bosco!  The Earth Kingdom ... has fallen.  You invade my palace, lay waste to all my guards, break down my fancy door, and you expect me to trust you? If you are on my side, then drop your weapons and stand down! The Avatar? You're the Avatar? Perhaps you're right. Though Bosco seems to like him. I'll hear what he has to say.  A secret war? That's crazy!  Your claim is difficult to believe. Even from an Avatar.  I have to trust my advisor. Well I suppose there's no way to prove where those marks came from. Yup. That pretty much proves it. But it doesn't prove this crazy conspiracy theory. Though, I suppose this matter's worth looking into.   So this is what a train is like? I didn't realize it would be this ... public. I've never been outside the palace. Now that's the way to travel. So, may I ask where we're going?  Hm ... That seems awfully convenient. Long Feng was right. This was a waste of time. If you'll excuse me, I'm going back to the palace. No Earth King has ever been to the Outer Wall. I don't have any more time for this nonsense.  It's both thrilling and terrifying! I have to be honest with you: part of me really hopes that what you're telling me about this war isn't true.  What is that? I can't believe I never knew.   Dai Li! Arrest Long Feng! I want him to stand trial for crimes against the Earth Kingdom. I want to thank you, young heroes, for opening my eyes. All this time, what I thought was a great metropolis was merely a city of fools. And that makes me the king fool. We're at war. With the Fire Nation. What are you suggesting, Sokka? I don't know. That would require moving troops out of Ba Sing Se. We'd be completely vulnerable.  Very well. You have my support.  This is General How. He's the leader of the Council of Five, my highest ranking generals.  "Toph Beifong."   Aang?  I'm afraid not. Aang and Sokka, I wish you a good journey. Ba Sing Se owes you its thanks. We look forward to your safe return.  You know these warriors? Then we shall welcome them as honored guests. In our hour of need, it is with the highest honor that I welcome our esteemed allies, the Kyoshi Warriors! Look Bosco! The Kyoshi Warriors are here to protect us! Aren't you excited? It's been a difficult week for me. My most trusted advisor, Long Feng, and his Dai Li agents tried to take control of Ba Sing Se from me.  But there is good news. As we speak, the Council of Five is meeting to plan an invasion of the Fire Nation this summer, on the day of a solar eclipse. I killed Chin the Conqueror. A horrible tyrant, Chin was expanding his army to all corners of the continent. When they came to the neck of the peninsula where we lived, he demanded our immediate surrender. I warned him that I would not sit passively while he took our home. But he did not back down. On that day, we split from the mainland. I created Kyoshi Island so my people could be safe from invaders. In my day, Chin the Conqueror threatened to throw the world out of balance. I stopped him. And the world entered a great era of peace.   Personally, I don't really see the difference, but I assure you, I would have done whatever it took to stop Chin. I offer you this wisdom, Aang: Only justice will bring peace.  Must have been some fight. I can't believe you found the Avatar's bison. Didn't you just see the Avatar a few days ago? Huh?   I'm pleased to hear that Toph's private lessons are going well. But I want to be sure she's not trying anything too dangerous. Very good.  Who thinks they are so important they can just come to my home unannounced? Blow on it. It's too hot for her. In your opinion, how much longer do think the war will last?  Well, Master Yu is the finest teacher in the land. He's been teaching Toph since she was little. Yes, and sadly, because of her blindness, I don't think she will ever become a true master. Master Yu, I need you to help me get my daughter back. Toph! My daughter is blind. She is blind and tiny and helpless and fragile. She cannot help you! Of course it doesn't change the way I feel about you, Toph. It's made me realize something. Yes. I've let you had far too much freedom. From now on you'll be cared for and guarded twenty-four hours a day. Please escort the Avatar and his friends out. They are no longer welcome here. I know you two are very different. But I believe you have a common interest. The Avatar has kidnapped my daughter. I want you to do whatever it takes to bring her home. Thanks for not ratting me out! I'll take you to my house and feed your ostrich horse for you. Come on, I owe you!  No one can ever sneak up on us. This guy just stood up to the soldiers! By the end, he practically had them running away! You don't seem like you're from around here. Where are you from then? Ohhh. Where are you going?  Yes. So how'd you get that scar? I think you'd really like my brother Sensu. He used to show me stuff like this all the time. What's going to happen to my brother? When my dad goes ... will you stay?  Made in Earth Kingdom. Never give up without a fight. Hey! There he is! I told you he'd come! Behind you!  Get up ...! No! I hate you! You got to focus less on the "where" and more on the "going".  All you need to do is trust in love ... according to the curse. And die.  And we have five torches, so that's ten hours! Oh, right.  I am honored, please come with me. It's beautiful, isn't it? By the way, I'm Long Feng. I'm a cultural minister to the king.  Now where is your family? I'd love to meet them. Don't worry, as your escort it would be dishonorable to abandon you ladies without finding your family first. We'll keep looking.  Avatar, it is a great honor to meet you. I am Long Feng, Grand Secretariat of Ba Sing Se and head of the Dai Li. I'd like to talk to you. Your friends will be waiting for us in the library. The Earth King has no time to get involved with political squabbles and the day to day minutia of military activities. What's most important to his royal majesty is maintaining the cultural heritage of Ba Sing Se. All his duties relate to issuing decrees on such matters. It's my job to oversee the rest of the city's resources, including the military.  Oh, no, no. His Majesty is an icon, a god to his people. He can't sully his hands with the hourly change of an endless war.  Enough! I don't want to hear your ridiculous plan. It is the strict policy of Ba Sing Se that the War not be mentioned within the walls. Constant news of an escalating war will throw the citizens of Ba Sing Se into a state of panic. Our economy would be ruined, our peaceful way of life – our traditions – would disappear. In silencing talk of conflict, Ba Sing Se remains a peaceful, orderly utopia: the last one on Earth.  Until now, you've been treated as our honored guest. But from now on, you will be watched every moment by Dai Li agents. If you mention the War to anyone, you will be expelled from the city. I understand you've been looking for your bison. It would be quite a shame if you were not able to complete your quest. Now, Joo Dee will show you to your home. I'm very disappointed in your work with the Avatar and his friends, Joo Dee. I had hoped that you would be able to control this situation. Joo Dee, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai.  Good. Now go await further orders. If the Avatar keeps searching for his bison, it could upset the delicate balance we've worked so hard to achieve in this city. It could even cost us control of the Earth King. No. It's much too dangerous for us to confront him directly. Let's see if we can still handle this quietly. You have made yourselves enemies of the state. Take them into custody. All right, Avatar, you've caused me enough problems. This is your last chance ... if you want your bison back. Agree to exit the city now, and I'll waive all charges against you and allow you to leave with your lost pet. Am I not? Jet, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai. I'm afraid he no longer has a choice. Do your duty, Jet! Do it! Do it now!  Foolish boy. You've chosen your own demise.  I can handle you by myself. Good. And the Fire Nation princess is cooperating? Now comes the part where I double cross you. Dai Li, arrest the Fire Nation princess! I said arrest her!  What is wrong with you?! What are you talking about?  .] You've beaten me at my own game.  They're here to overthrow you.  Detain the assailants! Make sure the Avatar and his friends never see daylight again.  What does it matter, Your Highness? They're enemies of the state. Completely!  All lies. I've never even seen a sky bison, Your Majesty. Frankly, I thought they were extinct.  These hooligans are part of an anarchist cell that my agents have been tracking for weeks.  If you listen to them, you're playing right into your own destruction. What? I am not disrobing!   That happens to be a large birth mark. Thanks for showing everyone.  I can explain this, Your Majesty. This is nothing more than ... a construction project.   Well it's imported of course. You know you can't trust domestic machinery. Surely you don't believe these children instead of your most loyal attendant? You can't arrest me! You all need me more than you know!  But you're not a Kyoshi Warrior, are you, Princess Azula of the Fire Nation? I want to make a deal. It's time that I regain control of Ba Sing Se and you have something I need. The Earth King's trust. Because I can get you the Avatar. There's no time. Just go. We'll take care of him. He's our leader. Five, seven, then five, syllables mark a haiku. Remarkable oaf. Tittering monkey, in the spring he climbs treetops, and thinks himself tall.   Whole seasons are spent, mastering the form, the style, none calls it easy. There's nuts and there's fruits. In fall the clinging plum drops, always to be squashed. My name is Meng and I'm Aunt Wu's assistant.  Well, hello there.  Can I get you some tea or some of Aunt Wu's special bean curd puffs?  Just a second. So what's your name?  That rhymes with Meng! And you've got some pretty big ears, don't you?  Well, Aang, it was very nice to meet you. Very nice.  That's so romantic! I wonder if my true love will give me a rare flower.  Enjoy your snack!   Hey, Aang. Don't you think that cloud looks like a flower? Hey, Aang, I was wondering ...  You don't like me, do you?   But not the way I like you. It's okay. It's just really hard when you like someone, but they don't think of you that way.  She's beautiful, by the way.  That Water Tribe girl. I can see why you like her so much. She's sweet, she's a bender and her hair seems so manageable.  Thanks. Wait! Don't you want this?   I've kind of been stalking you. Heh ...  Take care! Floozy.  On the way, there's a waterfall that creates a never-ending rainbow!  Hey, someone's making a big campfire!  No! It's a wolfbat! Oh, great! Your plans have led us to another dead end! Nope. That's some tasty gold. Careful with the blasting jelly!  Earth Nation! Fire Nation! Water Nation! So long as bargains are your inclination, you're welcome here! Don't be shy, come on by! Oh! You there, I can see from your clothing that you're world-traveling types. Perhaps I can interest you in some exotic curios?  I'm not entirely sure. But we got 'em!   We prefer to think of ourselves as "high risk traders." Hey you! Get back here! This way. Let's cut 'em off!  Now, who gets to taste the steel of my blade first?  We lost the Water Tribe girl and the little bald monk she was traveling with. That's good ...  They took that big thing yesterday. Shipped him out to some island. About time, I've been cleaning up fur, and various, uhhh ... leavings all day. Foreman said some rich royal type on Whaletail Island bought him up. Guess for a zoo or such. Though, could be the meat that'd be good. Must be nice to visit an island. I haven't had a vacation for years. Shuffle on, I get you. No more need for Old Sweepy ...  Kyoshi? That's crazy talk! I'll take you to her shrine. Maybe something there will help you clear her name. Actually, she and the other warriors left to fight in the war. You kids had a big impact on Suki. She said you inspired her and she wanted to help change the world. This temple was converted into a shrine to Kyoshi. The clerics tell us these relics are still connected to her spirit. That's her kimono. Please don't touch!  Also refrain from touching the fans.  The biggest of any Avatar. This piece is called "The Birth of Kyoshi". It was painted at sunrise on this day this island was founded. Why, it was today in fact, three hundred and seventy years ago. Oh, seeing how it's Kyoshi Day, yes, I'm sure. So what?  You three have some explaining to do.  How do we know you're not Fire Nation spies? Kyoshi stayed out of the war so far. And we intend to keep it that way!  Ha! How could you possibly know her? Avatar Kyoshi was born here four hundred years ago. She's been dead for centuries.  Throw the impostor to the Unagi!  It's true ... you are the Avatar!  Firebenders have landed on our shores! Girls, come quickly!  Thank you, Avatar. Well, you certainly look like official tea servers. How do you feel‌? I have extra string in the back. Have some tea while you wait!  I think you're due for a raise.  This young man wrecked my tea shop, and assaulted my employees!  What's going on here? Are you trying to poach my tea-maker? Mushi, if you stay, I'll make you assistant manager. Wait, senior assistant manager! Uh, senior executive assistant manager?  I'm not!  You think my name is funny? And these boxes are filled with jelly candy! We've been ambushin' their troops, cutting off their supply lines, and doing anything we can to mess with 'em.  Hey listen Sokka, Jet's a great leader. We follow what he says, and things always turn out okay.  Hey Smellerbee, you gonna eat your lychee nuts? Ooh.  You hear something? He's awake! Stop! Wait!  Good to see you again, Aang! They're destructive. I hope that lemur of yours has nine lives! I got him, come on! What do you need us to do?  I've never seen such a fine specimen of lemur. That beast would fetch me a hefty sum if you'd be interested in bartering.   Let's just say I got it up North, at a most reasonable price, free.  I've already got a buyer, a nobleman in the Earth Kingdom. Unless of course, you kids have two hundred gold pieces on you right now.  The price is two hundred gold pieces. I don't haggle on items this rare.  It's not as amusing the second time, boy! Shouldn't we stop to search the woods? Mm-hm. Enough of this necklace garbage! You promised a scroll! Fine. You give us the scroll.  Your friend is the Avatar?  Keep the scroll; we can buy a hundred with the reward we'll get for the kid.  Bleeding hog monkeys!   I'm an earthbender!  Yes! You're the Avatar! I heard you were in town. I'm Pong.  War? Scared? What do you mean?  Look, I'm just a minor government official. I've waited three years to get this house. I don't want go get into trouble.  Shh, listen, you can't mention the War here. And whatever you do, stay away from the Dai Li. Avatar Aang, it's an honor to have you visit us. Well, shall we move to the living room for dessert, then? Poor Toph, she must be so scared ... We're doing this for your own good, Toph. So, you're the genius behind this incredible brew. The whole city is buzzing about you! I hope Pao pays you well. But it doesn't have to be the only reward. How would you like to have your own tea shop? Sorry Pao, but that's business for you, am I right? I'll provide you with a new apartment in the Upper Ring. The tea shop is yours to do whatever you want, complete creative freedom. Of course! That's right, young man, your life is about to change for the better! The targets are approaching.  I don't know, Yung, living to fight another day is startin' to sound pretty good to me.  Yeah, I'm with the kid!  What's your father gonna do when he finds out we lost a sand-sailer?  Doesn't matter. We'll still make a profit from selling him to those beetle-headed merchants. Does this guy have a name? The real soldiers are off fighting the War, like Lee's big brother Sensu. Supper's going to be ready soon. Would you like to stay? Gansu could use some help on the barn. Why don't you two work for a while, and then we'll eat.  Here. This ought to get you through a few meals. You have to help! It's Lee – the thugs from town came back as soon as Gansu left. When they ordered us to give them food, Lee pulled a knife on them! I don't even know where he got a knife! Then they took him away. They told me if he's old enough to fight, he's old enough to join the army. I know we barely know you, but ... Not a step closer. So, the rumors of your return are true! It is the greatest honor of a lifetime to be in your presence. I'm not sure ... We do not know, but each of the last three nights, he has abducted one of our own. We are especially fearful because the winter solstice draws near. Hei Bai is already causing devastation and destruction. Once the solstice is here, there's no telling what will happen. The Avatar's methods are ... unusual.  It's not safe! Thank you, Avatar. If only there were a way to repay you for what you've done. It would be an honor to help you prepare for your journey. It's a long journey to the Crescent Island. You'll have to fly fast to have any chance of making it before sundown. Good luck.  Go! What are you doing in our land with a sandbender sailer? ‌ From the looks of it, you stole it from the Hami tribe. Quiet, Ghashiun. No one accused our people of anything. If what they say is true, we must give them hospitality.  What did you do‌? Jet, you saw a man with a hot cup of tea. It doesn't prove he's a firebender. And what if he is, are we supposed to attack them‌? I thought we were starting over here, changing our ways. Jet, we need to talk. We've been talking, and we think you're becoming obsessed with this. It's not healthy. We came here to make a fresh start. But you won't let this go. Even though there is no real proof!  Jet, you gotta stop this. They would love to find you. Wouldn't they, Jet? We've got his stuff, Jet.   Where do you think you're going, ponytail? Come on, move along! Hey!   Jet!  We were so worried. How did you get away from the Dai Li?  He got arrested by the Dai Li a couple of weeks ago. We saw them drag him away! The Fire Nation! Remember what they did to your family! You guys go and find Appa. We'll take care of Jet. You don't know anything about him, Jet. Besides, I thought we were going straight now. Jet, relax. So the old guy had some hot tea. Big deal. Hey.  Guard's coming! Maybe it's because I'm not a man ... I'm a girl!  I know, you're right. As long as I'm confident with who I am, it doesn't matter what other people think. Thanks, Longshot.  You two must not be from around here. We know better than to touch the White Jade, much less make it into tea and drink it.  So where are you traveling from? Do you have names? Mushi and Junior, huh. My name is Song. You two look like you could use a good meal. Why don't you stay for dinner?  That's too bad. My mom always makes too much roast duck.  When I was a little girl, the Fire Nation raided our farming village. All the men were taken away. That was the last time I saw my father.  Oh, is he fighting in the War? Can I join you? I know what you've been through. We've all been through it. The Fire Nation has hurt you.  It's okay. They've hurt me, too.  I know you don't think there's any hope left in the world, but there is hope. The Avatar has returned.  My daughter tells me you're refugees. We were once refugees ourselves. You're welcome. It brings me pleasure to see someone eat my cooking with such ... gusto. I think she looks cute. Like that time we put a sweater on your pet poodle monkey. Wait, let me see that. No, it couldn't be. Appa? Oh, no. It's gonna be okay, Appa. I have to leave, but I'm gonna be back soon with help. No sudden movements. He's been lost for a while and he looks like he's hurt. He's shy around people and scared. Stay low and stay quiet. Yes, so he can't be too far from here. It's our responsibility to get Appa back to him safely. This could be our most important mission yet. Give him some space! Appa, it's me, Suki. I'm a friend. I want to help you. You're hurt. We can help you feel better. And we can help you find Aang.  What do you want with us? If you're looking for the Avatar, you're out of luck.  Go, Appa! Fly away from here! Get out of here! You have to find Aang! We'll be okay!  So wait. How do you all know each other?  Wow! You took back your whole city all by yourself!  That's why you gathered the members of the White Lotus.  So did you, you know ... finish the job?  Yeah! Or how about King of the ... Guys Who ... Don't Win? It's okay. She's one of us now.  And why did you paint me firebending?  What is it? Did I do something wrong?  You people all look the same to me. Sokka! It's you! No. I don't know where they are. They locked me in here because I'm the leader.  I'm so glad to see you Sokka. I knew you'd come. Actually, we met a long time ago.  Yeah, you kind of burned down my village. Just get to the point, Sokka. But how are you going to get the cooler out?  I guess we have no choice.  Your dad? I'm not leaving without you, Sokka. We had to.   I'm sorry, Sokka. Sokka, what's going on? That's great. What?  We'll never make it onto the gondola. There's too many guards. Okay, let's say by some miracle this all works and we make it on the gondola. The warden will still just cut the lines, even if we have a captive. Okay. But how do we do that?  Sorry, warden. You're my prisoner now. We've got the warden! Now let's get out of here! We're almost there! Everyone in! We're on our way!  This is a rematch I've been waiting for. Well, we made it out. Now what?  We were just in town and we found this poster!  "Brought to you by the critically acclaimed Ember Island Players."  You never told me you made out with a Moon Spirit.  Yeah, you tell bad jokes about plenty of other topics. It seems like every time there's a big battle, you guys barely make it out alive. I mean, you guys lose a lot!  Are you trying to get on my bad side?  I'm an elite warrior who's trained for many years in the art of stealth. I think I could get you backstage!  He's coming this way! Wait, the play's not over! Horrible. Tickets and passports please. Yeah, I got a problem with you! I've seen your type before. Probably sarcastic, think you're hilarious and let me guess, you're traveling with the Avatar. You mean you don't remember? Maybe you'll remember this!  Sokka, it's good to see you! That crabby lady makes all the security guards wear them. And look at you, sleeveless guy. Been working out? Yeah. After you left Kyoshi, we wanted to find a way to help people. We ended up escorting some refugees and we've been here ever since. Hi, Momo! Good to see you too! So why are you guys getting tickets for the ferry? Wouldn't you just fly across on Appa? I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you doing okay?  I'm coming too! Sokka, I thought you'd want me to come. Just what? The Fire Nation controls the western lake. Rumor has it they're working on something big on the other side of it and don't want anyone to find out what it is. Sokka, I'm fine, stop worrying! It's a beautiful moon. Look, I know you're just trying to help, but I can take care of myself. Then why are you acting so overprotective? I lost someone I care about. He didn't die, he just went away. I only had a few days to get to know him, but he was smart and brave and funny ... No, he's about your height. It is you, stupid! I'm sorry. Just because I live near the unagi doesn't mean I'm an expert! Actually, it's me. Sokka, it's been really great to see you again. I came along because I wanted to make sure you got through the Serpent's Pass safely. But now I need to get back to the other Kyoshi Warriors. Listen, I'm really sorry about last night. We were talking ... and saying things ... and I just got carried away and before I knew it - Um, there's an awful lot of fire in that general direction ...  Oops, wrong tent! Nope, not me!   And if you don't answer all our questions, we're throwing you back in the water with the Unagi.  There were no men. We ambushed you. Now tell us, who are you and what are you doing here?  A bunch of girls, huh? The Unagi's gonna eat well tonight.  That's impossible! The last Avatar was an airbender who disappeared a hundred years ago.  Well, you're in the right place. Sorry about yesterday. I didn't know that you were friends with the Avatar.  I should hope so. A big strong man like you? We wouldn't stand a chance.  Wow! Best warrior, huh? In your whole village? Maybe you'd be kind enough to give us a little demonstration.  Come on, girls! Wouldn't you like him to show us some moves?  Of course.  Anything else you want to teach us?  Hoping for another dance lesson?  Spit it out! What do you want?  Even if I'm a girl?  We normally don't teach outsiders, let alone boys.  All right. But you have to follow all of our traditions.  And I mean all of them. It's a warrior's uniform, you should be proud. The silk threads symbolize the brave blood that flows through our veins. The gold insignia represents the honor of the warrior's heart. You're not going to master it in one day. Even I'm not that good.  It's not about strength. Our technique is about using your opponents' force against them. Loosen up. Think of the fan as an extension of your arm. Wait for an opening and then ...  I fell on purpose to make you feel better! Okay, it was a lucky shot. Let's see if you can do it again.  Not bad. There's no time to say goodbye.  For what?  I am a warrior. But I'm a girl, too. Now get out of here! We'll hold them off. Aang, my dad and I made this for you.  Hey there, you're pretty good!  Wow, I don't think I can do that. But here's a good one. What do you think? Hey, you're a real airbender. You must be the Avatar! That's amazing! I-I've heard stories about you! You think this is good, wait until you see the other stuff my dad designed. Yeah, my dad is the mastermind behind this whole place. Everything's powered by hot air. It even pumps hot air currents outside to give us a lift while we're gliding. Yeah, it's great, isn't it?  Dad, he's the Avatar. He used to come here a hundred years ago. Hey, Aang. I want to show you something. I don't know about that. The temple might be different but the creatures that live here are probably direct descendants of the ones who lived here a long time ago. Besides, there's one part of the temple that hasn't changed at all.  Only an airbender can open it, so inside it's completely untouched. Just the way the monks left it. I've always wondered what it's like in there ...  I completely understand. I just wanted you to know that it's here. The wind will carry you. It supports something inside you. Something even lighter than air. And that something takes over when you fly.   Impossible! Everybody has it! What?  Yeah, I suppose it is. Are you ready? Great! I can't believe I'm finally going to see what's inside! Explain all this! Now! How can I be proud of you when your inventions are being used for murder? We're not leaving! This is bad. Are we ready?  I think I know how they work. I remember my dad tinkering with the counterbalancing system. Something to do with water. Works great, huh? No problem! We're out of bombs! That means a lot, coming from you. I wonder how the rest of the troops are. It's so different from the Northern Air Temple. I wonder if there are any secret rooms. I'll race you, Duke.  Yeah! I want to ride that tunnel down to the Hall of Statues again. It will work a lot better now that I fixed my brakes. Ready ... attack! Two girls ambushed us. One of them hit me with a bunch of quick jabs and suddenly I couldn't earthbend anymore and I could barely move. Then she cartwheeled away. Hello there, fellow refugees! Sure are. We're trying to get there before my wife Ying has her baby. You should come with us to Full Moon Bay. Ferries take refugees across the lake. It's the fastest way to Ba Sing Se. We're all looking for a better life, safe behind the walls of Ba Sing Se. I'm okay!  What should we name her? That's a perfect name. Hope.  Listen up, Hippo. You may be big, but you ain't bad! The Boulder's gonna win this in a landslide! The Boulder feels conflicted about fighting a young blind girl.  The Boulder's over his conflicted feelings, and now he's ready to bury you screen in a rock-alanche! It's on!  Ooooooh! I'm telling you, The Boulder was standing right there. I saw the kid strike, but there was no earthbending. Nothing made contact. The Blind Bandit just fell out of the ring. She must've took a dive and split the money with the kid. The Boulder takes issue with that comment. Negatory. The Boulder and The Hippo no longer fight for others' entertainment. Now, we fight for our kingdom! Excuse me. The Boulder is confused. Isn't the point to invade during the eclipse, when the firebenders are powerless? Hey Jet, these barrels are filled of blasting jelly. We'll take this stuff back to the hideout. But what about the people in the town, won't they get wiped out too?  And delicious.   Helmet? I miss Pipsqueak. I told you, it's The Duke! We can go check for her! Hippo ... mad!  It's just a rock, Due. We'll sneak by them statues just like we sneak by that Fire Navy blockade! We're a man down. Where in tarnation is Huu?  Don't know, Due. Some'in with six legs. Pretty big'uns too. You know what's at the end of that trail?  Dinner. No, that's what they call a "lemoo". Saw one at a traveling show once. Real smart they say. You think everything tastes like possum chicken.  What'd you say that fer? But you don't have to tell 'em that. Come on! Now, what would a lemoo need a shirt fer?  Set my lines by the river bed! Caught ten fish and I killed 'em dead! Cut 'em and gut 'em and I tossed the heads in the water to keep them catgators fed. Where'd you say you was from? Didn't know there was waterbenders anywhere but here. They got a nice swamp there, do they? Hmm. No wonder you left. You, give me all your money! I'm mugging you!  Huh? What're you talking about? Just give me your money, old man! I know. I'm ... I'm just confused. So you really think I could be a good masseur? This is so great. No one has ever believed in me.  Have some dinner, Katara. It's not as bad as it looks. It's still pretty bad though. I'll talk to the guards. In the meantime, make sure the elderly are taken care of. The rest of us will simply have to hope for warmer weather. Excuse me? The plan? The plan is to survive. Wait out this war. Hope that one day some of us can get back home and forget this ever happened. Katara, I admire your courage. And I envy your youth. But people's lives are at stake here. The warden is a ruthless man, and he won't stand for any rebellion. I'm sorry, but we're powerless.  Katara, stop! You can't win this fight!  For the Earth Kingdom, attack! Get to the ships! We'll hold them off! Don't worry. I hear cowards float.  Thank you for helping me find my courage, Katara of the Water Tribe. My family and everyone here owes you much. Yes. To take back my village. To take back all of our villages! The Fire Nation will regret the day they set foot on our land!   You helped us find our courage, Katara. Now we're here to help you. The Fire Nation is falling back! Welcome, young travelers. Now, who's next? Don't be shy. Your palms are so smooth. Do you use moisturizer?  I feel a great romance for you. The man you are going to marry. I can see that he's a very powerful bender.  Who's next?  Your future is full of struggle and anguish. Most of it, self-inflicted. I don't need to. It's written all over your face. You there, come with me. This is the most reliable method of telling your fortune. The bones never lie. Go on, pick one. Now throw it on the fire. The heat makes cracks in the bone and I read the bone cracks to tell your destiny.  I've never seen this before!  Oh my! Your destiny! This is incredible. You will be involved in a great battle, an awesome conflict between the forces of good and evil. A battle whose outcome will determine the fate of the whole world!  A girl? You want to know about love? I'm sorry, but I didn't see anything.  Well, look! I must've missed something. Right here. It says "trust your heart and you will be with the one you love."  Bending arrow cloud ... good crops this year. Nice big harvest. Wavy, moon-shaped cloud ... let's see. Gonna be a great year for twins!  And a cumulus cloud with a twisted nob coming off the end of it ... The village will not be destroyed by the volcano this year! Any time. Ah ... You want another reading? And then you will have your third great-grandchild before quietly passing away in your sleep. Is that enough information for you? You want me to do a reading for that? And you'll be fine as long as you've got a scarf. Bye-bye now.  All right, what is it?  Papaya!   That's very strange. It shouldn't ... Oh my! So you messed with the clouds, did you?  Very clever! Of course, honey. I'll tell you a little secret, young airbender. Just as you reshaped those clouds, you have the power to shape your own destiny.  Welcome to Earth Rumble VI! I am your host, Xin Fu! The rules are simple. Just knock the other guy out of the ring, and you win! Round one: The Boulder vs. The Big Bad Hippo!  Unbelievable, ladies and gentlemen! The Hippo is rocking the boat! The Boulder wins! Next match ... The Boulder versus Fire Nation Man! Now, the moment you've all been waiting for. The Boulder versus your champion ... the Blind Bandit! Your winner, and still the champion, the Blind Bandit! To make things a little more interesting, I'm offering up this sack of gold pieces to anyone who can defeat the Blind Bandit! What? No one dares to face her?  Nobody cheats Xin Fu. I think you kids owe me some money.  I'm not smiling.  I think the Fire Nation will pay a hefty price for the Avatar. Now, get out of my ring. You suggesting I break your fingers‌? That's okay, 'cause she's wanted dead or alive. Hey, look ... Fire Nation wanted posters! So, look who's here. Let's take them now! I'm not waiting all night for these geezers to finish yapping! It's over! You two fugitives are coming with me! You seen these guys‌? Hey you, where are these men‌? I got a tip that they're in your shop. Let's go back to finding the girl. One loud-mouthed little brat who strayed too far from home. What are you talking about? The Beifong Estate's this way!  What's wrong with you? Quit your banging! You might think you're the greatest earthbender in the world, but even you can't bend metal! There's a giant hole in the box! How is that a trick!?  I'm going to be stuck in here forever with you, aren't I?  We made it to Ba Sing Se and we're still not safe. No one is!  Thank you. The Serpent's Pass? Only the truly desperate take that deadly route! And it's hidden, so the Fire Nation can't find it. Avatar Aang, you have to help us! Someone took all of our belongings; our passports, our tickets, everything's gone! Look at this writing! How awful! How can we abandon hope? It's all we have!  Oh no! The baby's coming! I want our daughter's name to be unique. I want it to mean something. I know what I want to name our baby now. Hope. Take your stances! Now, strike as if you're punching through your opponent's head!  So, are you ready to commit to more lessons? If you pay for the whole year in advance, I'll bump you up to the next belt! Absolutely not. I am keeping her at a beginner's level. Basic forms and breathing exercises only. Toph is still learning the basics. I never knew. Your daughter's amazing! She's the greatest earthbender I've ever seen. Did they give you any indication where they were headed‌? No she's not! I'm certain her father wants her alive. So? This place is full of desperate characters. If they find out we're collecting a bounty, we might have to fight them all just to keep our prize. Patience. Uh ... Maybe we shouldn't. We know all about your secret back room. Kick it down. Some unlucky soul has an incomplete Pai Sho set. I believe we need to go right! I'm quite certain you're mistaken. Oooh ... uhhh, okay, but make it quick!  Ooh, very sneaky Toph! Nice try, but you can't trick me!  It's another one her tricks! I have to go the bathroom.  Take them out. Of course not! The day of the invasion, we readied ourselves for battle. We were prepared to defend our city ... to fight for our lives and for our freedom. But before we even had a chance, King Bumi surrendered. The day of the invasion, I asked King Bumi what he wanted to do. He looked me in the eye and said ... It doesn't matter now. Fighting the Fire Nation is the only path to freedom. And freedom is worth dying for. You don't understand. They've taken our home, and we have to fight them at any cost!  Fine. But there's thousands of citizens that need to leave. How're we going to get them all out? We've got a problem. We just did a head count. No, we have an extra. Sure he's cute now, but when he's older, he'll join the Fire Nation army. You won't think he's so cute then. He'll be a killer. A messenger hawk!  One mango, please.  You're a living relic. An Air Nomad, right in front of me. Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University. Tell me, which of the air temples do you hail from?  Oh, splendid! Now tell me- what was the primary agricultural product of your people? Oh, truly fascinating. That is one for the journal.  Certainly. All in vain, I'm afraid. I've found lost civilizations all over the Earth Kingdom, but I haven't managed to find the crown jewel: Wan Shi Tong's Library.  This library is more valuable than gold, little lady. It is said to contain a vast collection of knowledge, and knowledge is priceless. Oh, it is. According to legend, it was built by the great Knowledge Spirit, Wan Shi Tong, with the help of his "foxy" knowledge seekers. You're both right. Handsome little creatures. Wan Shi Tong and his knowledge seekers collected books from all over the world, and put them on display for mankind to read, so that we might better ourselves. I wouldn't know. But if such a thing exists, it's in Wan Shi Tong's Library. Of course, there's the matter of finding it. I've made several trips into the Si Wong Desert and almost died each time. I'm afraid that desert's impossible to cross. A sky bison?! You actually have one?  Sandbenders, shoo, away from the bison! Tell me, sky bison, are you the last of your breed? Delightful! I only wish I spoke his tongue. Oh, the stories this beast could tell. Shush, chatty monkey. Some say it doesn't. I think that was one of the Knowledge Seekers. Oh, we must be close to the library!  The library is buried?! My life's ambition is now full of sand. Well, time to start excavating.  Oh, it's breathtaking! The spirit spared no expense in designing this place. Look at those beautiful buttresses! What's funny?  As do I. My word! The exquisite mosaic handiwork of this tile-rendered avian symbol ... Eh, nice owl.  Hello, I'm Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University.  Please accept this tome as a donation to your library. Seems it's trying to assist you. This room is a true marvel, a mechanical wonder. It's a planetarium that shows the heavens moving.  Great Knowledge Spirit, I beg you, do not destroy your vast collection of priceless tomes.  I'm not leaving. I can't. I've spent too long trying to find this place. There's not another collection of knowledge like this on earth. I could spend an eternity in here. Where are the rest of the Gan Jin? Still tidying up their camp site? I didn't know the canyon guide took reservations.  Guess you guys will have to make the trip tomorrow.  You're not seriously gonna cave into these spoiled Gan Jins? I mean we're refugees too! And we've got sick people that need shelter. Sick people get priority over old people. If you Gan Jins weren't so clean, you wouldn't live to be so old. We wouldn't travel with those pompous fools anyway!  What? If there's anyone who can't go without food for a day, it's you pampered Gan Jins! Why don't you thank yourself, food hider? I'm not walking another step with the likes of them! Sure, unjustly blame the Zhangs like you always do! What for? Its the dry season. Besides, we like to use the tarp as a blanket.  Care for some meat? I know what you must be thinking, we're horrible for endangering everybody by bringing food down here. The Gan Jin think so badly of us, they probably assumed we brought food in and decided to bring food in themselves. That's why we brought food in. Our conflict with the Gan Jin goes back over a hundred years. Our forefather Wei Jin was leaving the western gate of our village, when he saw a figure in the distance. It was a man of the Gan Jin tribe, Jin Wei, collapsed on the ground. Noble Wei Jin stopped to help him. Jin Wei was transporting a sacred orb, a very powerful relic used in his tribe's redemption ritual. Wei Jin tried to tend to the man's wounds but Jin Wei insisted the orb was more important, and asked him to take it back to his tribe. Kind Wei Jin promised to send help for the man as soon as he could, but as Wei Jin crossed the border to return the orb into Gan Jin territory, he was arrested. Instead of thanking him for his kind and selfless deed, they sentenced him to twenty long years in prison. We Zhangs will never forget that injustice. Oh sorry, I forgot that to the Gan Jin unclipped fingernails is a crime punishable by twenty years in jail! You pompous fool! Perhaps the Avatar is right. Harsh words will never solve our problems.  We made it! I never thought a Gan Jin could get his hands dirty like that. Perhaps we're not so different after all.   You tyrants unjustly imprisoned Wei Jin for twenty long years! You're saying the sacred orb was actually a sacred ball?  I suppose it's time we forget the past. Let us travel to the Earth Kingdom capital as one tribe. 
