 Uncle? What are you looking at? Is there something out there?  What does it matter where they came from?  Do you like your new teapot? There's no honor for me without the Avatar.  Then there is no hope at all. Uncle ... I thought a lot about what you said. It's helped me realize something. We no longer have anything to gain by traveling together. I need to find my own way.  There are no stowaways on my ship.  He's paralyzed. But how did you find him on my ship?  Out of my way! Step aside, filth! I need to talk to you! Your beast trashed my ship. You have to pay me back! Money isn't what I had in mind. I need you to find someone.  It's not the girl I'm after, it's the bald monk she's traveling with. If you find them, I'll consider the damage to my ship paid for>. We're looking for someone.  Why are we stopping? We have no time for this! Hey! Watch it!  Where is he? Where is the Avatar? How stupid do you think I am? What are we supposed to do now? What's it doing? It's just going in a circle. Uncle? I didn't see you get hit with the tongue. Uncle ... you were unconscious. Azula did this to you. It was a surprise attack.  I hope I made it the way you like it.  So Uncle, I've been thinking. It's only a matter of time before I run into Azula again. I'm going to need to know more advanced firebending if I want to stand a chance against her. I know what you're going to say: she's my sister and I should be trying to get along with her. I see. That's why we're drinking tea, to calm the mind. I'm ready to try it! Why can't I do it? Instead of lightning it keeps exploding in my face ... like everything always does. What turmoil? But I don't feel any shame at all. I'm as proud as ever. Well, my life has been nothing but humbling lately. Why are you telling me these things? All this four elements talk is sounding like Avatar stuff. You can teach me to redirect lightning? I think so. Great, I'm ready to try it with real lightning! I thought that was the point! You teaching me to protect myself from it! Well, if you won't help me, I'll find my own lightning.  You've always thrown everything you could at me! Well, I can take it, and now I can give it back! Come on, strike me! You've never held back before!  This city is a prison. I don't want to make a life here.  Ridiculous.  Uncle, that's what all tea is.  We've been working in a tea shop all day! I'm sick of tea! You want a show? I'll give you a show! You're> the one who needs help.  I'll try to contain my joy.   The Avatar is here in Ba Sing Se and he's lost his bison.  Good things that are happening for you! Have you ever thought that I want more from life than a nice apartment and a job serving tea? I want my destiny. Out of my way, skinny! If you don't want to end up like him, you'll do what I say. Expecting someone else? You're mine now. Uncle?  What are you doing here? First I have to get it out of here. I would have figured something out! I know my own destiny, Uncle! Stop it, Uncle! I have to do this! I'm just going to Mai's house. It's not far. Tell me, if you could have anything you want right now, what would it be? You know, being a prince and all, I might just be able to make that happen.  Do you think you could find a fresh fruit tart for the lady, with rose petals on top?  War meeting? What are you talking about? I guess I wasn't invited. So I guess there's a big war meeting coming up, huh? And apparently I'm not welcome there. Oh, yeah?! I guess that's why no one bothered to tell me about it! Well, were you invited? And I'm the prince! Forget it! I'm not going! I don't.  I know. What? So, my dad wants me at the meeting? When I got to the meeting, everyone welcomed me. My father had saved me a seat. He wanted me next to him. I was literally at his right hand. During the meeting, I was the perfect prince. The son my father wanted. But I wasn't me. Yup. Back in the good old days.  He's my uncle. And he's not here.  She's not my girlfriend!  I need your help finding the Avatar.  Does the end of the world sound like more fun?  Well, what does that mean?  Wait. I have another idea. There's only one other person in this world who can help us face the Fire Lord. I'll be right back with a smell sample. Hey! Wait up! We're going to Ba Sing Se? It's been a long day. Let's camp and start our search again at dawn.  The Order of the White Lotus.  Nah.  Where ... where is he?  No, I'm not okay. My uncle hates me, I know it. He loved and supported me in every way he could, and I still turned against him. How can I even face him? More sorry than I've been about anything in my entire life. Uncle?  Uncle, I know you must have mixed feelings about seeing me. But I want you to know, I am so, so, sorry, Uncle. I am so sorry and ashamed of what I did. I don't know how I can ever make it up to you. But I'll- How can you forgive me so easily? I thought you would be furious with me.  I did lose my way. It wasn't that hard, Uncle. You have a pretty strong scent.  Uncle, you're the only person other than the Avatar who can possibly defeat the Father Lord.  That's what I just said! We need you to come with us!  You can beat him! And we'll be there to help.  And then ... then you would come and take your rightful place on the throne?  Unquestionable honor? But I've made so many mistakes.  I'll try, Uncle. I can handle Azula.  You're right. Katara, how would you like to help me put Azula in her place?  So if I'm going to be Fire Lord after the war is over, what are you going to do? Thank you, Katara. Mai! You're okay! They let you out of prison? So does this mean you don't hate me anymore? I can't believe a year ago my purpose in life was hunting you down. And now ... Yeah, we are >friends.  And it's gonna be even more different... when we build it together.  Please. The real hero is the Avatar. Today this war is finally over! I promised my uncle that I would restore the honor of the Fire Nation. And I will. The road ahead of us is challenging. A hundred years of fighting has left the world scarred and divided. But with the Avatar's help, we can get it back on the right path and begin a new era of love and peace. You should count yourself lucky that the Avatar spared your life. Banishing me was the best thing you could have done for my life. It put me on the right path. Perhaps your time in here could do the same for you. Because you're going to tell me something. Where is my mother? At least you don't look like a boar-q-pine! My hair is not that spiky!  You need to know the story of your great-grandfather's demise. It will reveal your own destiny.  Wait, I need to ask you something. What do you remember about our great-grandfather's history? But how did he die? What does it mean?  The Fire Sages keep the secret history in the Dragonbone Catacombs.  The final testimony of Fire Lord Sozin. That can't be it! Where's the rest of it?   You sent this, didn't you? I found the secret history, which by the way should be renamed history most people already know! The note said that I needed to know about my great-grandfather's death, but he was still alive in the end.  What are you talking about?  Why are you telling me this?  Where are you hiding him?  He'd be about this age, master of all elements?  I know you're hiding him!  You're the airbender? You're the Avatar? I've spent years preparing for this encounter. Training, meditating. You're just a child!  Head a course for the Fire Nation. I'm going home. This staff will make an excellent gift for my father. I suppose you wouldn't know of fathers, being raised by monks. Take the Avatar to the prison hold, and take this to my quarters. Looks like I underestimated you.  What is that?  Shoot them down!  That "kid", Uncle, just did this.> I won't underestimate him again. Dig the ship out and follow them!  As soon as you're done with that.  Three years ago today, I was banished. I lost it all. I want it back. I want the Avatar, I want my honor, my throne. I want my father not to think I'm worthless.  We don't need any more useless things! You forget, we have to carry everything ourselves now!  What are you doing here?  Don't call me that!  Father regrets? He ... wants me back?  We're going home! After three long years, it's unbelievable! Did you listen to Azula? Father's realized how important family is to him! He cares about me!  You don't know how my father feels about me. You don't know anything!  I think you are exactly what you seem! A lazy, mistrustful, shallow old man who's always been jealous of his brother!  Uncle! You've changed your mind! We're finally going home!  Home. You lied to me!  I've got a lot on my mind. It's been so long, over three years since I was home. I wonder what's changed. I wonder how I've> changed. I haven't seen Dad yet. I haven't seen him in three years, since I was banished. So, I didn't capture the Avatar. No. There's no way he could have survived.   What did you hear? Why'd you do it? Why did you tell Father that I was the one who killed the Avatar? It. Can't. But why? You're lying. You have another motive for doing this, I just haven't figured out what it is.  Doing nothing is a waste of time. We're being sent away on a forced vacation. I feel like a child.  That was a long time ago.  It smells like old lady in here.  Here. This is for you.  I saw it, and I thought it was pretty. Don't girls like stuff like this?  Forget it!   I thought, since it's so hot ... here.  Why didn't you tell those guys who we were?  He thinks he's so great. Well, what do you think of him? You like him, don't you?  I know. So what? Sure.   Hey, watch it! That food was for my cranky girlfriend!  Stop talking to my girlfriend! What's wrong with me?  Well, at least I feel something, as opposed to you. You have no passion for anything! You're just a big blah!  I was just leaving.  Those summers we spent here seem so long ago. So much has changed.  Where's your new boyfriend? Are you cold?   I'll make a fire. There's plenty of stuff to burn in there.  What does it look like I'm doing?  You think I care? You don't know me, so why don't you just mind your own business?   No, you don't. You're stuck in your little "Ty Lee world" where everything's great all the time.  "I'm so pretty. Look at me. I can walk on my hands. Whoo!" Circus freak.  Yeah, you do not believe in anything.  I'm sorry, too. I wish you would be high-strung and crazy for once instead of keeping all your feeling bottled up inside. She just called your aura dingy. Are you gonna take that?  I like it when you express yourself.   My life hasn't been that easy either, Mai. Bad skin? Normal teenagers worry about bad skin. I don't have that luxury. My father decided to teach me a permanent lesson on my face!   For so long I thought that if my dad accepted me, I'd be happy. I'm back home now, my dad talks to me. Ha! He even thinks I'm a hero. Everything should be perfect, right? I should be happy now, but I'm not. I'm angrier than ever and I don't know why!  No one. I'm just angry.  Everyone. I don't know.   No, no.  No, no, n-no, no!  I'm angry at myself!  Because I'm confused. Because I'm not sure I know the difference between right and wrong anymore.  I guess you wouldn't understand, would you, Azula? Because you're just so perfect.  Party's over. What do they want?  I've got nothing to report to Admiral Zhao. Now get off my ship and let us pass. Off my ship! I don't care what they do.  How, Uncle? With Zhao's resources, it's just a matter of time before he captures the Avatar. My honor, my throne, my country, I'm about to lose them all. I'm going to bed. No disturbances.  No one can make tea like Uncle , but hopefully I learned a thing or two. Would you like to hear Uncle's favorite tea joke? Okay. Well, I can't remember how it starts, but the punch line is "Leaf me alone, I'm bushed!" Well, it's funnier when Uncle tells it. So, what's up?  What do you mean? Who was captured? I can't tell you. Trust me. Knowing would just make you feel worse.  It's not good, Sokka. My guess is, they were taken to the Boiling Rock. The highest security prison in the Fire Nation. It's on an island in the middle of a boiling lake. It's inescapable. Why do you need to know? What are you planning? It's in the middle of a volcano between here and the Fire Nation. You guys actually flew right past it on your way here.  Yeah, I'm sure it does. Not up to anything, huh? I'm never happy. You need to regain your honor? Believe me, I get it. I'm going with you. How are you going to get there? On Appa? Last time I checked, prisons don't have bison daycares. We'll take my war balloon.  Yeah ... fluffy. What? No kidding. If there's one thing my dad's good at, it's war.   Hey, hold on. Not everyone in my family is like that.  I meant my uncle. He was more of a father to me. And I really let him down. It wasn't that hard. Well, I did have a girlfriend. Mai.  Yeah. Everyone in the Fire Nation thinks I'm a traitor. I couldn't drag her into it.  That's rough, buddy. There it is! There's plenty of steam to keep us covered. As long as we're quiet, we should be able to navigate through it without being caught.  We're going down! The balloon's not working anymore!   So what are we supposed to do?  How are we gonna get off the island if the balloon won't work? You knew this would happen and you wanted to come anyway? Uncle always said I never thought things through. But this ... this is just crazy! What are you doing? I hope you know what you're doing. There's no turning back now. I hope these disguises work. Uh, very cute, sir. But what if there's an incident? If I'm not prepared, someone could strike me on the head. Can the new guy ask you veterans a few questions about the prison? No, that's not it. The Boiling Rock, it holds the Fire Nation's most dangerous criminals, right? So what about war prisoners? Hey there, fellow guard, how goes it? Shhh! Listen, I asked around the lounge. There are no Water Tribe prisoners. I'm afraid your father's not here. Yeah, I'm sure. I'm really sorry, Sokka. Ah, what would Uncle say? Sometimes, clouds have two sides, a dark and light, and a silver lining in between. It's like a silver sandwich! So ... when life seems hard ... take a bite out of the silver sandwich! That's the spirit! I can't believe that worked. I didn't even know what I was saying.  No, you can't go in there! The lights are out. The prisoner could sneak up on you.  How did you know who I am?  You're Mai's uncle? I never meant to hurt her.  So what's in it for you? Why don't you just tell my father to come collect a reward? We did?  Oh, sorry about that. Nice to see you again. Yeah ...  The cooler as a boat? Are you sure? Yeah, you heard wrong. There's nothing to get in on. Hey, you watch who you're shoving!   Yes, I have ... completely.  Someone's coming!  War prisoners. It could be your father. Well, what should we do? Are we going ahead with the plan or are we waiting another night? It's your call, Sokka. Are you sure you wanna go? You're the one who said you wanted to redeem yourself. Redeem your honor. Rescuing your dad is your chance. No, it's not. Look Sokka, you're going to fail a lot before things work out.  Even though you'll probably fail over and over and over again ...  You have to try every time. You can't quit because you're afraid you might fail. I'm staying, too. Is that him?   I'm here.  What are you doing? Where are you taking me? I didn't do anything wrong!  Mai! How did you know I was here? But, how- I didn't mean to - Stop! This isn't about you. This is about the Fire Nation!  Mai, I never wanted to hurt you. But I have to do this to save my country. That's not how I see it.  Believe me, she doesn't. And how do we do that?  I thought you thought this through! Maybe not everything, but this is kind of important!  Back off! We've got the warden! Let's go! I'm making it so they can't stop us. That's a problem. It's my sister and her friend. Me too. They're cutting the line! The gondola's about to go!  It's Mai! My sister was on that island. What I mean is she must have come here somehow. There! That's our way out of here! It kind of got destroyed. Finally! Uncle, do you realize what this means?!  It means my search is about to come to an end.  That light came from an incredibly powerful source! It has to be him!  I don't need any calming tea! I need to capture the Avatar! Helmsman, head a course for the light! Because their honor didn't hinge on the Avatar's capture. Mine does. This coward's hundred years in hiding are over.  Enough! I've been drilling this sequence all day. Teach me the next set! I'm more than ready!  The sages tell us that the Avatar is the last airbender. He must be over a hundred years old by now. He's had a century to master the four elements! I'll need more than basic firebending to defeat him. You will teach me the advanced set! The last airbender! Quite agile for his old age. Wake my uncle! Tell him I found the Avatar. As well as his hiding place ...  I didn't find anything to eat! I can't live like this! I wasn't meant to be a fugitive. This is impossible! Uncle, what are you doing? We need food, not tea. I'm going fishing.   You didn't ...  Ahh!  We're not taking any more chances with these plants! We need to get help. If the Earth Kingdom discovers us, they'll have us killed.  Earth Kingdom it is.  Yes, we're travelers. Names? Of course we have names. I'm, uh ... Lee and this is my Uncle, uh ... Mushi?  Sorry, but we need to be moving on.  I haven't seen my father in many years.  Yeah.   Thank you.  I know. They're about to show us a little more kindness. Well? Yes, I really do.  Back off, Azula! He's mine!  Uncle ...  Aaaah!  Ugggh! Get away from us!  Leave! It sure is, Uncle. What's taking so long? Something's not right.  Azula! No! I'm tired of running! It's time I faced Azula! Yes! I challenge you!  You don't know what you're talking about!  I'm sorry. That's something we have in common. It doesn't matter. My face? I see.  It's okay. I used to think this scar marked me. The mark of the banished prince, cursed to chase the Avatar forever. But lately, I've realized I'm free to determine my own destiny, even if I'll never be free of my mark. What? It's a scar, it can't be healed. Uncle, I don't understand. What are you doing with the Avatar?   Why, Uncle? Release him immediately. I have changed. I betrayed Uncle. But I don't have the Avatar. What if Father doesn't restore my honor? I'm sorry Mai. I know I've made some bad choices, but today, I'm gonna set things right.  Maybe we should make camp.  You know these guys? Too bad you don't have any old friends that don't want to attack you. No one here is going to help us. These people just look like filthy wanderers. You brought us here to gamble on Pai Sho? What are you old gasbags talking about? I thought you said he would help!  Now that you played Pai Sho, are you going to do some flower arranging, or is someone in this club going to offer some real help‌? What's going on? Is the club meeting over‌? Ba Sing Se? ‌Why would we go to the Earth Kingdom capital‌?  I'm going to forget I saw that.  Thanks, but I don't think you want me in your gang.  I said no.  What are you doing firebending your tea? For a wise, old man, that was a pretty stupid move! I don't feel right.  So thirsty.  I'm not tired. What's happening? What's that mean?  I told you, my father hasn't come here since our family was actually happy. And that was a long time ago. It's the last place anyone would think to look for us.  Ugh! My mother used to take us to see them. They butchered Love Amongst the Dragons> every year!  Just sit next to me. What's the big deal?  They make me look totally stiff and humorless.  How could you say that?  So far, this intermission is the best part of the play. Did Jet just ... die? I might as well have. You don't get it, it's different for you. You get a muscly version of yourself, taking down ten bad guys at once, and making sassy remarks. But for me, it takes all the mistakes I've made in my life, and shoves them back in my face. My uncle, he's always been on my side, even when things were bad. He was there for me, he taught me so much, and how do I repay him? With a knife in his back. It's my greatest regret, and I may never get to redeem myself. How do you know? Really? Oh, sorry. Ow! What was that for? The scar's not on the wrong side!  That ... wasn't a good play. I know you're nervous, but remember, firebending in it of itself is not something to fear.  But if you don't respect it, it'll chew you up and spit you out like an angry komodo rhino! Now show me what you've got. Any amount of fire you can make.  Good idea. You might wanna take a couple steps back.  What was that? That was the worst firebending I've ever seen!  Why is this happening?  Yeah, could be. Just breathe, and ...   Don't patronize me! You know what it's supposed to look like!  And stop calling me that!  Get out of here!  Listen everybody, I've got some pretty bad news. I've lost my stuff.  I'm talking about my firebending. It's gone.   Well, it's not lost. It's just ... weaker for some reason.  I bet it's because I changed sides. Okay, cut it out! Look, even if you're right, I don't want to rely on hate and anger anymore. There has to be another way. Well, this doesn't help me. The original firebenders were the dragons, and they're extinct.  Well, they aren't around anymore, okay? But maybe there's another way. The first people to learn from the dragons were the ancient Sun Warriors.  No, they died off thousands of years ago. But their civilization wasn't too far from where we are now. Maybe we can learn something by poking around their ruins.  More or less. Either I find a new way to firebend, or the Avatar has to find a new teacher.  We've been riding for hours. I don't know why, but I thought this thing would be a lot faster.  I can't believe this.  Even though these buildings are ancient, there's something eerily familiar about them. I can tell the Fire Sages' temples are somehow descended from these.  I can't believe it. This booby trap must be centuries old and it still works.  Where's that up-beat attitude you were talkin' about? Besides, people don't make traps unless they've got something worth protecting.  They look pretty angry to me. Well, they had a funny way of showing it.  My great-grandfather Sozin happened. He started the tradition of hunting dragons for glory. There were the ultimate firebenders. And if you could conquer one, your firebending talents would become legendary and you'd earn the honorary title, Dragon. The last great dragon was conquered long before I was born, by my uncle. He had a complicated past. Family tradition, I guess. Let's just move on. Wait. It's a celestial calendar. Just like the Fire Sages have in their temples. I bet that sunstone opens the door, but only when sunlight hits at just the right angle. On the solstice.  No, we can't. But we might be able to speed time up. Let's see if we can outsmart the sunstone.  Come on ... Relax. They're just statues.  What? This better teach us some really good firebending.  It's some kind of mystical gemstone. Why not? It feels almost alive. Ugh, I can't pull free. It's like some kind of glue. Me? I can't move either! At least we have air. Maybe if we stay calm, we can figure a way out of this.  At least I made something happen. If it were up to you, we'd never have made it past the courtyard. Who are you yelling to? Nobody's lived here for centuries. Think about our place in the universe‌?  We didn't come here to take your sunstone. We came here to find the ancient origin of all firebending.  My name is Zuko, Crown Prince of the Fire Nation. O-or at least I used to be. I know my people have distorted the ways of firebending, to be fueled by anger and rage. But now I want to learn the true way, the original way. When we came here, I never imagined the Sun Warrior's civilization was secretly alive. I am truly humbled to be in your presence. Please, teach us.  I don't believe it. Hurry up. Your flame's gonna go out because it's too small. You're too timid, give it more juice.  You can do it. I know you can. You're a talented kid. No, we're seeing this through to the end. We're gonna meet these masters and find out what's so great about them.  Well, we're the Fire Prince and the Avatar. I think we could take these guys in a fight, whoever they are.  Bring 'em out!  What do you want me to do‌?  No, just make your own.  Get some from those warriors. Hurry! Stop cheating off me!  These are the masters. Sshh. I never said that.  What‌? What about this situation makes you think they want us to dance‌?  Fine.  I understand.  Their fire was beautiful. I saw so many colors, colors I've never imagined.  I can't believe there are still living dragons. My uncle Iroh said he faced the last dragon and killed it.  He must have lied to protect them, so no one else would hunt them. Yeah. It's like the Sun, but inside of you. Do you guys realize this? That's why my firebending was so weak before. Because for so many years, hunting you was my drive ... it was my purpose. So when I joined you, I lost sight of my inner fire. But now, I have a new drive. I have to help you defeat my father and restore balance to the world. It's not a dance. It's a firebending form.  It's a sacred form that happens to be thousands of years old!  The Dancing Dragon. What's that smell?  Actually, it smells delicious. I'd love a bowl, Uncle.   It's a new day. We've got a new apartment, new furniture, and today's the grand opening of your new tea shop. Things are looking up, Uncle.  Congratulations, Uncle. You deserve it. The Jasmine Dragon will be the best tea shop in the city. Now let's make these people some tea!  Uncle! I need two jasmine, one green, and one lychee! What is it, Uncle? I'm going in for a visit. You're going to stand guard here, and no one> is going to know about this. Uncle, it's me.  You brought this on yourself, you know. We could have returned together. You could have been a hero! You have no right to judge me, Uncle. I did what I had to do in Ba Sing Se, and you're a fool for not joining me. You're not going to say anything? You're a crazy old man! You're crazy! And if you weren't in jail, you'd be sleeping in a gutter!   You're so beautiful when you hate the world. I don't hate you too.  Can't you see we're busy?   That guard told you.  Okay, you caught me. What is it that you want, Azula?  I brought you some komodo chicken. I know you don't care for it, but I figure it beats prison food. I admit it, I have everything I always wanted, but it's not as all how I thought it would be. The truth is, I need your advice. I think the Avatar is still alive, I know he's out there, I'm losing my mind. Please, Uncle, I'm so confused I need your help. Forget it, I'll solve it myself! Waste away in here for all I care!  You're sure you weren't followed? I've heard about you. They say you're good at what you do, and even better at keeping secrets. The Avatar is alive. I want you to find him, and end him. Look around. We're not tourists, we're refugees. Ugh! I'm sick of eating rotten food, sleeping in the dirt. I'm tired of living like this! Hello.  I'm in. I've realized lately that being on your own isn't always the best path.  I'm working on it, Uncle.  I don't need your wisdom right now, Uncle. Uncle, you don't have to say it.  I know, Uncle. We'll meet again. After I have the Avatar.  I will.  I'll be fine!  Where are they going? They're coming up for air somewhere.  Be quiet!  Well, aren't you a big girl now.  Yes. Hand him over and I won't have to hurt you.  I see you've learned a new trick, but I didn't come this far to lose to you. You little peasant. You've found a master, haven't you? You rise with the moon ... I rise with the sun. Shelter.  I finally have you, but I can't get you home because of this blizzard. There's always something. Not that you would understand. You're like my sister. Everything always came easy to her. She's a firebending prodigy, and everyone adores her. My father says she was born lucky. He says I was lucky to be born. I don't need luck, though. I don't want it. I've always had to struggle and fight and that's made me strong. It's made me who I am. Guess we'll be here awhile. Welcome back.  That won't be enough to escape.  Here for a rematch?  You tried to have me killed!  I had no choice.  Take my hand! I'm tired. Uncle, I want the repairs made as quickly as possible. I don't want to stay too long and risk losing his trail.  Don't mention his name on these docks! Once word gets out that he's alive, every firebender will be out looking for him, and I don't want anyone getting in the way!  Captain Zhao. Yes. You wouldn't believe what happened. Uncle! Tell Commander Zhao what happened.  Yes! Right into ... an Earth Kingdom ship!  Sorry, but we have to go.  If my father thinks the rest of the world will follow him willingly, then he is a fool!  We haven't found him yet.  No. Nothing. I haven't found anything. It's like you said. The Avatar probably died a long time ago. Come on, Uncle, we're going.  I underestimated him once, but it will not happen again!  Commander Zhao, I've been hunting the Avatar for two years and I -  Why? Are you worried I'm going to try and stop you?  Don't underestimate me, Zhao! I will capture the Avatar before you!  You're wrong! Once I deliver the Avatar to my father, he will welcome me home with honor, and restore my rightful place on the throne!  That's not true.  Maybe you'd like one to match! An Agni Kai. At sunset.  I will never forget.  I refuse to let him win.  Next time you get in my way, I promise, I won't hold back.  Did you really mean that, Uncle?  Watch out!  Keeping rocks from crushing you. I'll take that as a thank you.  Go ahead! I'll hold them off. I think this is a family visit.  What are you doing here? She's ... not gonna make it ... Of course she did.  If you really want it to feel like old times, I could, uh ... chase you around a while and try to capture you.   I'm touched. I don't deserve this. I wish I knew.  This isn't fair! Everyone else seems to trust me now! What is it with you?  What can I do to make it up to you? Sorry, do you need to talk to Sokka, too? Your sister. She hates me! And I don't know why, but I do care what she thinks of me.  Stop. Okay, listen. I know this may seem out of nowhere, but I want you to tell me what happened to your mother. Katara mentioned it before when we were imprisoned together in Ba Sing Se, and again just now when she was yelling at me. I think somehow she's connected her anger at that to her anger at me. Wait. Can you remember any details about the soldiers who raided your village? Like what the lead ship looked like? The symbol of the Southern Raiders. Thanks, Sokka. I waited out here all night. I know who killed your mother, and I'm going to help you find him. Sokka told me the story of what happened. I know who did it and I know how to find him. She needs this, Aang. This is about getting closure and justice. That's cute, but this isn't air temple preschool. It's the real world. That's the same as doing nothing!  Okay, we'll be sure to do that, guru goody-goody.  We need to find the Fire Navy communication tower. All the navy's movements are coordinated by messenger hawk. And every tower has to be up to date on where everyone is deployed.  Not exactly. We need to be stealthy and make sure no one spots us, otherwise they'll warn the Southern Raiders long before we reach them. Okay, Southern Raiders. Bam. On patrol near Whaletail Island. You should get some rest. We'll be there in a few hours. You'll need all your strength. Your mother was a brave woman. There! See those sea raven flags? It's the Southern Raiders. This is it, Katara. Are you ready to face him? You don't remember her? You will soon, trust me. Think back. Think back to your last raid on the Southern Water Tribe.  Don't lie! You look her in the eye and you tell me you don't remember what you did. What? What do you mean he's not? He's the leader of the Southern Raiders! He has to be the guy! If you're not the man we're looking for, who is? We weren't behind the bush. And I wouldn't try firebending again! You were right about what Katara needed. Violence wasn't the answer. Then I have a question for you. What are you gonna do when you face my father? You're out of your mind, Uncle. The weather's perfect. There's not a cloud in sight.  We know the Avatar is traveling northward, so we will do the same.  The safety of the crew doesn't matter! Finding the Avatar is far more important than any individual's safety.  Lieutenant! You'd better learn some respect – or I will teach it to you.  I don't need your help keeping order on my ship. Where were we hit? The helmsman! The Avatar! Let him go. We need to get this ship to safety. Uncle, I'm sorry.  This is humiliating! We're royalty! These people should be giving us whatever we want.  We're not performers. Uncle, we have a problem. One of the customers is on to us. Don't look now but there is a girl over there at the corner table. She knows we're Fire Nation. Didn't I say don't look?!  What?  My name's Lee. My uncle and I just moved here.  It took my uncle ten minutes to do my hair. It's okay. Nothing.  She is not my girlfriend! You have ... quite an appetite for a girl.  Umm ... well, we've been traveling around for a long time. We were ... uh, part of this traveling circus.  Yes, I juggled. I haven't practiced for a while.  Close your eyes, and don't peek. Okay, now you can look. I've brought you something. It's a coupon for a free cup of tea.  Don't thank me – it was my uncle's idea. He thinks you're our most valuable customer.  It's complicated. I have to go.  It was nice.  The only reason you should be interrupting me, is if you have news about the Avatar.  Uncle, you taught me that keeping a level head is a sign of a great leader. Now, whatever you have to say, I'm sure I can take it.  What!?  Give me the map!   How am I going to find him, Uncle? He is clearly a master of evasive maneuvering.  The Avatar's on Kyoshi Island? Uncle, ready the rhinos. He's not getting away from me this time.  I was going to save it for later! I want the Avatar alive.>  Come out, Avatar! You can't hide from me forever! Find him. Nice try, Avatar! But these little girls can't save you. Finally! Back to the ship! Don't lose sight of them! For the last time, I'm not playing the tsungi horn!  What?!  Uncle, is that true? I'm not. They're antiques. Just decorative.  Good riddance to those traitors.  Uncle? Uncle, is that you?  You didn't have to do this. Thank you, Uncle.  Someone's changing our course.  What is the meaning of this mutiny? No one told you to change course!   Is it something to do with the Avatar?  Lotus tile?  You've changed our course for a stupid lotus tile? It's good to know this trip was a complete waste of time for everyone! You bought a tsungi horn?  This monk, did he have an arrow on his head?  We don't need to stop. They stole a waterbending scroll, right? Then they'll be on the water.  I'll save you from the pirates. Tell me where he is and I won't hurt you or your brother. Try to understand. I need to capture him to restore something I've lost, my honor. Perhaps in exchange I can restore something you've lost.  I didn't steal it, if that's what you're wondering. Tell me where he is.  I wonder how much this is worth ... A lot, apparently. Now you help me find what I want, you'll get this back, and everyone goes home happy. Search the woods for the boy and meet back here! Nice work.  Give me the boy. Don't listen to him, he's trying to turn us against each other! Shut your mouth, you Water Tribe peasant! You'll regret breaking a deal with me.  We have no time for your proverbs, Uncle!  Hey! That's my boat!   C'mon, Uncle!  My boat! The only view I'm interested in seeing is the Avatar in chains.  First we'll check each of the air temples, then we'll scour the world, searching even the most remote locations until we find him. What else would I expect to hear from the laziest man in the Fire Nation? The only way to regain my honor is to find the Avatar, so I will. Hello ... Zuko here, but I guess you probably already know me, sort of. Uhhh ... so, the thing is I have a lot of firebending experience, and I'm considered to be pretty good at it. Well, you've seen me, you know, when I was attacking you. Uhhh ... yeah, I guess I should apologize for that. But anyway, I'm good now. I mean, I thought I was good before, but I realize I was bad, but anyway, I think it's time I joined your group and taught the Avatar firebending. Well, what's your answer? Yeah ... that's what I'd say, too. How am I supposed to convince these people that I'm on their side? What would Uncle do? Zuko, you have to look within yourself to save yourself from your other self. Only then will your true self, reveal itself. Even when I'm talking for him I can't figure out what he means. What would Azula do? Listen, Avatar, I can join your group, or I can do something unspeakably horrible to you and your friends. Your choice. I guess I'm just not that good at impersonations.  Hello ... Zuko here. Hey, I heard you guys flying around down there, so, I just thought I'd wait for you here. I know you must be surprised to see me here. Right. Well, uhhh ... anyway ... what I wanted to tell you about is that I've changed, and I, uhhh, I'm good now, and well I think I should join your group, oh, and I can teach firebending to you. See, I, uhhh ... I've done some good things! I mean, I could have stolen your bison in Ba Sing Se, but I set him free. That's something!  I can understand why you wouldn't trust me, and I know I've made some mistakes in the past. Look, I admit I've some awful things. I was wrong to try to capture you, and I'm sorry that I attacked the Water Tribe. And I never should have sent that Fire Nation assassin after you. I'm going to try and stop- Well, that's not his name, but-  He's not my friend!  Why aren't you saying anything? You once said you thought we could be friends. You know I have good in me. I'm trying to explain that I'm not that person anymore! If you won't accept me as a friend, then maybe you'll take me as a prisoner.  Uggh! I can't believe how stupid I am! I mean, what was I thinking? Telling them I sent an assassin after them? Why didn't I just say Azula did that? They would have believed that! Stupid! Uggh! Who's there? Stay back!  I'm sorry, it was a mistake!  Let me help you! I'm sorry!  I didn't know it was you! Uggh, come back! Uggh! Why am I so bad at being good? Stop! I don't want you hunting the Avatar anymore! The mission is off. I'm ordering you to stop. If you keep attacking, I won't pay you! All right, I'll pay you double to stop! Listen, I know I didn't explain myself very well yesterday, I've been through a lot in the last few years, and it's been hard. But I'm realizing that I had to go through all those things to learn the truth. I thought I had lost my honor, and that somehow my father could return it to me. But I know now that no one can give you your honor. It's something you earn for yourself, by choosing to do what's right. All I want to do now is play my part in ending this war, and I know my destiny is to help you restore balance to the world. I'm sorry for what I did to you. It was an accident. Fire can be dangerous and wild, so as a firebender, I need to be more careful and control my bending, so I don't hurt people unintentionally.  Thank you. I'm so happy you've accepted me into your group.  I won't let you down! I promise! If I have to, I will spend every day of the rest of my life hunting the Avatar. I know it's my destiny to capture him. Uncle! It's time to leave! Where are you? Uncle Iroh! Uncle? We need to move on. We're closing in on the Avatar's trail and I don't want to lose him. My troubles cannot be soaked away. It's time to go! Enough! We need to leave now. Get out of the water!  On second thought, why don't you take another few minutes? But be back at the ship in a half-hour or I'm leaving without you! Uncle! Uncle, where are you? Something's not right here. That pile of rocks. Land doesn't slide uphill. Those rocks didn't move naturally. My uncle's been captured by earthbenders!  Yeah, that's Uncle Iroh.  The Avatar! You taught me well. Now would you please put on some clothes?  Having trouble sleeping? Seen the Avatar lately? I have no choice, Uncle.  I'm chasing the Avatar! My father will understand why I am returning home!  There they are. Helmsman! Full steam ahead!  On my mark! Fire!  A blockade. He's not turning around!  I'm sorry, Uncle. Run the blockade!  Do not stop this ship.  We can make it!  What's he up to, Uncle? Why didn't Commander Zhao arrest me?  If Zhao wants to follow a trail of smoke, then that's exactly what I'll let him do. Uncle, keep heading north. Zhao will follow the smoke trail, while I use it as a cover.  The Avatar's coming with me! Close the doors! Quickly!  Why isn't it working? It's sealed shut!  Why did you help the Avatar?  You're too late, Zhao! The Avatar's inside and the doors are sealed. Could I get some water, a bag of feed and something hot to eat?  No.  No.  Maybe a chicken flew over. No kidding.  I'm ... uh ... I can't. I should be moving on.   Mm-mm.  Far away. You're holding them wrong. Keep in mind, these are dual swords. Two halves of a single weapon. Don't think of them as separate, 'cause they're not. They're just two different parts of the same whole. Trouble. No. I need to move on. Here. I want you to have this. Read the inscription. The other one. Azula always lies.  I'll get your son back. Let the kid go. It doesn't matter who I am. But I know who you are. You're not soldiers; you're bullies. Freeloaders, abusing your power. Mostly over women and kids. You don't want Lee in your army – you're sick cowards messing with a family who's already lost one son to the war. My name is Zuko. Son of Ursa and Fire Lord Ozai. Prince of the Fire Nation, and heir to the throne.  It's yours. You should have it.  My, my, you're easy to find. It's really astounding my brother hasn't captured you yet. Who are you? The Avatar's fan girls>? No Avatar, huh. Well, that's okay. Any friend of the Avatar is an enemy of mine!  Afraid of fire, I see. That's good. You should be.  Don't you know fans just make flames stronger? Hello, Zuzu. If you've come for a royal hair-combing, I'm afraid you'll have to wait. What do you mean? Of course you're welcome there! Oh, Zuko. Don't be so dramatic. I'm certain Dad wants you there. You probably just weren't invited because it's so obvious you're supposed to be there. Of course! I'm the princess. Exactly, so stop acting like a paranoid child! Just go to the meeting. You're right. The Royal Procession is dead weight. If I want to catch my prey, I must be agile, nimble. I need a small, elite team. It's time to visit some old friends. Ty Lee, could that possibly be you? Please, don't let me interrupt your ... whatever it is you were doing.  Tell me, what is the daughter of a nobleman doing here? Certainly our parents didn't send us to the Royal Fire Academy for Girls to end up in ... places like this. I have a proposition for you. I'm hunting a traitor. You remember my old fuddy-duddy uncle, don't you? I would be honored if you would join me on my mission.  I'll take your word for it. Well, I wouldn't want you to give up the life you love just to please me.  Of course, before I leave, I'm going to catch your show. I will. Incredible. Do you think she'll fall? Then wouldn't it make it more interesting if you removed the net? You're right, you're right. That's been done. I know. Set the net on fire.  Brilliant, just brilliant! Ooh, what kind of dangerous animals do you have? Release them all! What an exquisite performance. I can't wait to see how you'll top yourself tomorrow. Really?  It's great to see you, Mai. I have a mission and I need you both.  Yes, I'm so sorry to hear about your son, but really, what did you expect by just letting all the citizens leave? My father has trusted you with this city and you're making a mess of things!  You stay here. Mai will handle the hostage trade so you don't have a chance to mess it up. And there is no more "Omashu". I'm renaming it in honor of my father, the city of New Ozai.  I'm sorry, but a thought just occurred to me. Do you mind? We're trading a two year old for a king. A powerful, earthbending king? It just doesn't seem like a fair trade, does it?  The Avatar! My lucky day. It's not just Zuko and Iroh anymore. We have a third target now. I'd really rather our family physician look after Little Zuzu if you don't mind. Zuzu, you don't look so good! There you are, filthy peasant! It's never too early for a sitting with the court painter, Zuko. Make sure he gets your good side.  Oh, Zuko, it's so strange how your mind works. Fire Lord Sozin began the war, of course. He spent his early years secretly preparing for it. He was as patient as he was clever. He famously waited for the comet, later renamed Sozin's Comet, and used its power to launch his full-scale invasion of the world. In the end, he died a very old and successful man.  Didn't you pay any attention in school, Zuko? He died peacefully, in his sleep. He was ancient.  My brother and my uncle have disgraced the Fire Lord, and have brought shame on all of us. You might have mixed feelings about attacking members of the Royal Family. I understand. But I assure you, if you hesitate, I will not hesitate to bring you down. Dismissed. I'm sorry, captain, but I do not know much about the tides. Could you explain something to me? Do the tides command this ship? You said the tides would not allow us to bring the ship in. Do the tides command this ship? And if I were to have you thrown overboard, would the tides think twice about smashing you against the rocky shore?  Well then, maybe you should worry less about the tides who have already made up their mind about killing you, and worry more about me, who's still mulling it over.   Almost isn't good enough!  Hello, brother. Uncle.  In my country, we exchange a pleasant hello before asking questions. Have you become uncivilized so soon, Zuzu? Hmmm ... must be a family trait. Both of you so quick to get to the point. I've come with a message from home. Father's changed his mind. Family is suddenly very important to him. He's heard rumors of plans to overthrow him; treacherous plots. Family are the only ones you can really trust. Father regrets your banishment. He wants you home. Did you hear me? You should be happy. Excited. Grateful. I just gave you great news.  Don't interrupt, Uncle! I still haven't heard my thank you. I'm not a messenger. I didn't have to come all this way. I can see you need time to take this in. I'll come to call on you tomorrow. Good evening. Brother! Uncle! Welcome! I'm so glad you decided to come.  Set our course for home, captain.  Like I've never done that before. You know, Father blames Uncle for the loss of the North Pole. And he considers you a miserable failure for not finding the Avatar! Why would he want you >back home, except to lock you up where you can no longer embarrass him?  Anyone who harbors these traitors will face the wrath of the Fire Lord! There will be no place left to hide! You seem so downcast. Has Mai gotten to you already? Though actually, Mai has been in a strangely good mood lately. So what? Who cares? The Avatar is dead ... unless you think he somehow miraculously survived. Well, then I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.  You're going to have to be a little more specific. Can't this wait until the morning?  Fine. You seemed so worried about how Father would treat you because you hadn't captured the Avatar. I figured if I gave you the credit, you'd have nothing to worry about.  Call it a generous gesture. I wanted to thank you for your help and I was happy to share the glory.  If you say so ... Please Zuko, what ulterior motive could I have? What could I possibly gain by letting you get all the glory for defeating the Avatar? Unless, somehow, the Avatar was actually alive. All that glory would suddenly turn to shame and foolishness. But you said it yourself, that was impossible. Sleep well, Zuzu.  Lighten up. So Dad wants to meet with his advisers alone, without anyone else around. Don't take it personally.  We used to come every summer when we were kids.  Hey, beach bums, we're playing next. Ty Lee, get over here, now! See that girl with the silly pigtails? When she runs toward the ball, there's just the slightest hesitation of her left foot. I'm willing to bet a childhood injury has weakened her. Keep serving the ball to her left, and we'll destroy her and the rest of her team. Dismissed.  Yes! We defeated you for all time! You will never rise from the ashes of your shame and humiliation! Well. That was fun.  Uh ... What about me and my brother? Aren't you going to invite us? You don't know who we are, do you?  We'll do our best. I guess I was intrigued. I'm so used to people worshiping us. Yes, I know, and I love it. But, for once, I just wanted to see how people would treat us if they didn't know who we were.  I heard you telling someone you'd be partying from dusk 'till dawn. It's dusk, so we're here.  We are the perfect party guests. We arrive right on time, because we are very punctual.  That's a sharp outfit, Chan. Careful. You could puncture the hull of an empire-class Fire Nation battleship, leaving thousands to drown at sea, because it's so sharp. Come on, Ty Lee. You can't be this ignorant.  Those boys only like you because you make it so easy for them. You're not a challenge. You're a tease. It's not like they actually care who you are. Okay, okay, calm down. I didn't mean what I said. Look, maybe I just said it because I was a little ... jealous.  Well, you're right about all those things. But, for some reason, when I meet boys, they act as if I'm going to do something horrible to them.  Well, that sounds really shallow and stupid ... Let's try it. Chan, I'm ready for a tour of the house. No. I used to come here years ago. Your arms look so strong.  Together, you and I will be the strongest couple in the entire world! We will dominate the Earth! I thought I'd find you here. Come down to the beach with me. Come on. This place is depressing. Here we go.  Well, that's it, then. You have a controlling mother who had certain expectations, and if you strayed from them, you were shut down. That's why you're afraid to care about anything, and why you can't express yourself.  There's a simple question you need to answer, then. Who are you angry at?  Is it Dad? Me?  Answer the question, Zuko. Come on, answer it. Why? You're pathetic.  Well, those were wonderful performances, everyone.  Well, yes, I guess you're right. I don't have sob stories like all of you. I could sit here and complain how our mom liked Zuko more than me, but I don't really care. My own mother thought I was a monster. She was right, of course, but it still hurt.  You know what would make this trip really memorable?  We've got some bad news, Chan. I did.  Who is this?  You're wasting your time. That's not one of them.   Because I'm a people person.   Then it's time to leave. Goodbye, Zuko.   What is she doing? Leave us alone. I never expected this from you. The thing I don't understand is "Why?". Why would you do it? You know the consequences.  No, you miscalculated! You should have feared me more!  You're both fools! Put them somewhere I'll never have to see their faces again, and let them rot! The Avatar's trying to give us the slip. You two head in that direction and keep your eye out for the bison. I'll follow this trail.  You mean you haven't guessed? You don't see the family resemblance? Here's a hint. I must find the Avatar to restore my honor! It's okay, you can laugh. It's funny.  Now? Now, it's over. You're tired and you have no place to go. You can run, but I'll catch you. Do you really want to fight me?  I was wondering when you'd show up, Zuzu.  I'm not going anywhere.  Well, look at this. Enemies and traitors, all working together. I'm done. I know when I'm beaten. You got me. A princess surrenders with honor.  The Earth King and the Council of Five do not trust the Dai Li. They imprisoned your leader, Long Feng. Soon they will turn on all of you and eliminate you. Seizing power today is a matter of life and death. This coup must be swift and decisive. The Earth King and each of the five generals must be taken out simultaneously. Long Feng has placed you in my command while we overthrow the government. If I sense any disloyalty, any hesitation, any weakness at all, I will snuff it out. That is all. There are still a few loose ends. The Avatar, and my brother and uncle. It's tea time! Have you met the Dai Li? They're earthbenders, but they have a killer instinct that's so firebender. I just love it. I'm not interested in a lengthy anecdote, Uncle. ] You're so dramatic. What? Are you going to challenge me to an Agni Kai? No thanks.  This fight is over. Get them all out of my sight. It's because they haven't made up their minds.  They're waiting to see how this is going to end. I can see your whole history in your eyes. You were born with nothing, so you've had to struggle, and connive, and claw your way to power. But true power, the divine right to rule, is something you're born with. The fact is, they don't know which one of us is going to be sitting on that throne, and which one is going to be bowing down. But I know, and you know. Well? Don't flatter yourself! You were never even a player. I expected this kind of treachery from Uncle. But Zuko, Prince Zuko, you're a lot of things, but you're not a traitor, are you? It's not too late for you, Zuko. You can still redeem yourself. Why don't you let him decide, Uncle? I need you, Zuko. I've plotted every move of this day, this glorious day in Fire Nation history, and the only way we win is together. At the end of this day, you will have your honor back. You will have Father's love. You will have everything you want. You are free to choose. We've done it, Zuko. It's taken a hundred years, but the Fire Nation has conquered Ba Sing Se. No, he betrayed you. Zuko, when you return home, Father will welcome you as a war hero. He doesn't need to, Zuko. Today, you restored your own honor. Oh, I'm sure it is, War Minister Qin, but just to be on the safe side ... Mai and Ty Lee, take the earthbenders out!  Let's go, ladies! Follow them! The Avatar's mine! We are the Earth King's humble servants. It's terrible when you can't trust the people who are closest to you. Really? Now that sounds like a fascinating and brilliant plan.  We have been presented with an extraordinary opportunity, girls. I'm talking about conquering the whole Earth Kingdom. For one hundred years, the Fire Nation has hammered away at Ba Sing Se from the outside.  But now we're on the inside, and we can take it by ourselves. From the inside, we're in perfect position to organize a coup and overthrow the Earth King. The key is the Dai Li. Whoever controls the Dai Li controls Ba Sing Se. Good work, girls. I'm sure the Dai Li will deliver the message. Oh, don't worry, I'll be sure to let him know.  So, Zuzu's in the city, too? I think it's time for a family reunion.  What is this about? Your agents show up in the middle of the night and drag me down here? You will not treat a Kyoshi Warrior this way! What do you want? Oh? Why should I help you?  I'm listening ... Ahem. Zuko, could I have a word with you? Oh Mai, Ty Lee needs your help untangling her braid. So, I've heard you've been to visit your uncle fatso in the prison tower. No. You did. Just now. Actually, nothing. Believe it or not, I'm looking out for you. If people find out you've been to see Uncle, they'll think you're plotting with him. Just be careful, Dum-Dum.  You mean it's not obvious yet? I am about to celebrate becoming an only child! You're right, Aang. All the past Avatars, all their experience and wisdom, is available to you if you look deep inside yourself.  I ... don't know, Aang. But I see you are lost in more ways than one right now.  In my life, I tried to be disciplined and show restraint, but it backfired when Fire Lord Sozin took advantage of my restraint and mercy. If I had been more decisive and acted sooner, I could have stopped Sozin and stopped the war before it started. I offer you this wisdom, Aang: You must be decisive.   Previously on Avatar ... Prince Ozai, why are you wasting my time with this pomp? Just tell me what you want. Everyone else, go! Say what it is you want! You dare suggest I betray Iroh? My first born? Directly after the demise of his only beloved son? I think Iroh has suffered enough! But you ... your punishment has scarcely begun!  I'm the Blue Spirit, the scourge of the Fire Nation, here to save the Avatar! The Earth Kingdom defenses are concentrated here. A dangerous battalion of their strongest earthbenders and fiercest warriors. So I am recommending the forty-first division. I don't>. They'll be used as a distraction while we mount an attack from the rear. What better to use as bait than fresh meat?  I'm having a party tonight. You should come by. Don't you know who we are? We're Chan and Ruon-Jian.  But, fine, you're invited. Just so you know, though, some of the most important teenagers in the Fire Nation are gonna be at this party, so try and act normal.  Um ... You're a little early. No one's here yet.  But that's just an expression. All right, listen. My dad's an admiral. He has no idea I'm having this party, so don't mess anything up.  Um ... thanks. Is this your first time on Ember Island?  It's a great place, if you like sand. Yeah, it's like, welcome to Sandy Land! Yeah, I know. You're pretty.  Uh ... I got to go.  Who broke my nana's vase? That's it! You're out of here! Nice. Follow me! I can get you outta here!   This way! Okay! Not this way! I'm familiar. Was.> My name's Chey. I serve a man. More than a man really, he's a myth, but he's real, a living legend, Jeong Jeong the Deserter. He was a Fire Nation general, or wait, was he an admiral? Yeah! Way up there! But he couldn't take the madness any more. He's the first person ever to leave the army - and live. I'm the second, but you don't get to be a legend for that. That's okay though. Jeong Jeong's a firebending genius. Some say he's mad - but he's not! He's enlightened.  He's not crazy! He's a genius! And he's the perfect person to train the Avatar! That's why I followed you into the festival. Oh yeh! Lin Yee's an old buddy! Right, Lin Yee? Oh that's okay, we can chat later. Don't worry! Everything'll be fine. He's a great man, great man!  He won't see you. He's very angry that I brought you here. He wants you to leave immediately. He says you're not ready. Says you haven't mastered waterbending and earthbending yet. He saw the way you walked into camp. He could tell.  Hey, where did everybody go? Very funny guys I didn't do anything! I'm going back to my cell. What did I do? What? That's not a prison rule. Make me. I wasn't trying to escape.  Yeah, how are you going to get the cooler out?  I heard you hatching an escape plan, and I want in.  Okay, well, I come with you or the warden hears about this egg, too. Oh, I can get you inside. Hey! What are you, stupid? Watch where you're going!  I think you mean whom I'm shoving! Took you guys long enough. This here's my girl and my best buddy, they're coming too.  Hey, if you two are done cuddling, can we get a move on? Not me, I'm out. Let's roll, baby.  Aah, this current is so slow. I can use this to paddle.   If you're trying to get me to talk, forget it! I'm not a squealer!  Well, yeah, actually I am pretty comfortable. No. Yes. You're right. There was another person involved in the escape plan. It's a guy who's disguised like a prison guard. Only he's not a prison guard. He's the mastermind. He came up with the plan.  That's him, warden. He's the impostor!  Hey you! You're lucky I didn't rat you out, but my generosity comes with a price. I know you're planning another escape attempt, and I want in. A prison riot? Please. Hey! Riot! Hey, uh, fellas. I think your girlfriend's taking care of it.  I'm new. What's up, everybody? Huh? Ow, dang blame it! What? Can't you see I'm busy? Got a full moon rising. And why does everyone call me that? I'm not that old! Well, I'm young at heart. Not ready to get snapped up by some moon monster yet at least. Didn't see no spirit, just felt something come over me, like I was possessed. Forced me to start walking toward the mountain. I tried to fight it, but I couldn't control my own limbs. It just about had me into a cave up there. And I looked up at the moon for what I thought would be my last glimpse of light. But then the sun started to rise and I got control of myself again! I just high-tailed it away from that mountain as quick as I could! Sure is! My name's Dock. Mind if I ask who you are? Wow ... Colonials. Hop on, I give you ride in the town.  Because we're a fishing town. At least that's how it was before the factory moved in. Army makes their metal there. Moved in a few years ago and started gunking up our river. Now our little village is struggling to survive. Hey, colonials! My brother says you need a lift.  Yep, it's all because of the Painted Lady. Me and my brothers really owe you a lot. Hey, wait a minute! I know you! You're not the Painted Lady, you're that colonial girl!  You've been tricking us. You're a waterbender! She's right, but what should we do? Yeah, we can clean the river! Thank you. You know, you're not so bad for a waterbender. No problem. Keeping my mouth shut is a personal specialty. My brother Xu, on the other hand, ohh, he's a blabbermouth.  No, ma'am. I'm going to get my other brother, Bushi. He loves cleaning rivers. All right, I'm Bushi! Let's get some river cleaning done! Oh, you must be talking about my brothers, Dock and Xu.  Oh, you know who does that? My brother, Dock. He's crazy.  Let me check ... Hey there! Back again, are ya?  We didn't do any of that. Yeah, the Painted Lady brought us food. She's the one that healed our sick, not your medicine. Hey, you need some help unpacking?  That shell's not so great!  Well, I met her first. Yeah.  Not as pretty as you are. So how do you know Ty Lee?  But which one of us do you like? I met her at the beach today. She was pretty impressed by a sand pagoda that I made for her. Tell us. Where'd they go? Look at that! Where's it coming from? What is that sound?  Please, to rise for Fire Nation national anthem! Fire Lord, my flame burns for thee! No, no, please! Sir, maybe he thought you left without him. It looks like there's been a landslide, sir.  Oh no! Look out!   I'm gonna to go get a bag of sizzle crisps. Stay here and stay away from that monster. Behave yourself or you'll regret it.  Let's go. Fabulous!  Uh, hi. I guess ... They're in the trees! Take them out of the sky. Now!  This has got to be the most boring job in the Fire Nation. Nothing ever happens. The Avatar's alive! We'd better send a messenger hawk to the Fire Lord.  A black ribbon message. This is so exciting!  Commander, why are you off course? All Western Fleet ships are supposed to be moving toward Ba Sing Se to support the occupation! Ahhh ... Eastern Fleet. Well, nice of Admiral Chan to let us know he was sending one of his ships our way. I mean, how hard is it to write a quick note and send a hawk our way? What? Why doesn't anyone ever tell me anything? Something's not right; they should have known that. I think this is a captured ship. Just stay quiet until we're safely across the ramp. Then we'll sink this ship.  All hail Fire Lord Zuko!  No, Prince Sozin. We are not here for you. We're here to announce the identity of the next Avatar. It is our honor to serve you, Avatar Roku. Send word to the Fire Lord immediately! The Avatar has returned! Azulon. Fire Lord to our nation for twenty-three years. You were our fearless leader in the Battle of Garsai. Our matchless conqueror of the Hu Xin Provinces. You were father of Iroh, father of Ozai, husband of Ilah, now passed. Grandfather of Lu Ten, now passed. Grandfather of Zuko, and Azula. We lay you to rest. As was your dying wish, you are now succeeded by your second son. Hail Fire Lord Ozai! What do you think you're doing?   Silence. The Avatar has escaped! Look out! Argh! There's the warden! I see him! He wants us to cut the line.  He knows that. But if we cut the line, there's no way he'll survive! What are you doing? What shall we do with them, princess?  We are the Fire Sages. Guardians of the temple of the Avatar. We know.  If the Avatar contacts Roku, there's no telling how powerful the boy will become! Split up and find him.  Find him. How did he get in? He's inside! Open the doors, immediately! Before he contacts Avatar Roku! It's the Avatar's lemur. He must have crawled through the pipes! We've been tricked! It must have been the light. Avatar Roku doesn't want us inside.  Commander Zhao.  But Commander! Only Shyu helped the Avatar. Yeah, right. They are obviously thieves, here to steal Sun Warrior treasures.  I know I wouldn't be. Oh, here it comes. Any moment now. Dinner for the masters. What? Everyone's thinking it.  On Ji, you don't have to baby-sit the new kid. That's right. Now listen, friend. I know you're from the colonies, so I'll say this slowly. On Ji is my girlfriend. Don't forget it. What'd you say, colony trash? You're gonna show her something? Nobody shows my On Ji anything, especially movements!  Anytime, Headmaster sir. What do you know about respect? The way you talk to everyone around here, from your hard-working crew to your esteemed uncle, shows you know nothing about respect! You don't care about anyone but yourself! Then again, what should I expect from a spoiled prince? I'm sick of taking his orders! I'm tired of chasing his Avatar! I mean, who does Zuko think he is? General Iroh. We were just-  Of course, sir. Agni Kai. A fire duel. I always thought that Prince Zuko was in a training accident. So that's why he's so obsessed. Capturing the Avatar is the only chance he has of things returning to normal. I don't know! What do you want to do, sir?  Jeong Jeong. The White Lotus has always been about philosophy and beauty and truth. But about a month ago, a call went out that we were needed for something important. Get out. Only a fool seeks his own destruction. Destiny? What would a boy know of destiny? If a fish lives its whole life in this river, does he know the river's destiny? No! Only that it runs on and on out of his control! He may follow where it flows, but he cannot see the end. He cannot imagine the ocean. To master the bending disciplines, you must first master discipline itself. But you have no interest in this, so I have no interest in you! Now, get out. Are you deaf? How can I teach you if you refuse to listen? Before learning firebending you must learn water and earth. Water is cool and soothing, earth is steady and stable, but fire, fire is alive! It breathes, it grows. Without the bender, a rock will not throw itself! But fire will spread and destroy everything in its path if one does not have the will to control it! That is its destiny! You are not ready! You are too weak! Avatar Roku! No, No! I did not mean that. Yes, yes, I will teach you. Widen your stance. Wider! Bend your knees. Now, concentrate. Good, good!  Silence! Talking is not concentrating! Look at your friend, is she talking? Even that oaf knows to concentrate on what he's doing! Feel the heat of the sun. It is the greatest source of fire. Yet, it is in complete balance with nature! Concentrate! No fire yet. Power in firebending comes from the breath. That is why you must master proper breath control. Assume your stance.  Wider. Wider!> Now, inhale through the nose and exhale through the mouth - without talking. Good. Keep going. What are you doing here? I did not tell you to stop! You want to stop breathing?  I had a pupil once who had no interest in learning discipline. He was only concerned with the power of fire - how he could use it to destroy his opponents and wipe out the obstacles in his path, but fire is a horrible burden to bear. Its nature is to consume and without control it destroys everything around it.  Learn restraint, or risk destroying yourself and everything you love. We're going to work with fire now. Concentrate on the fire. I want you to keep the flame from reaching the edges of the leaf for as long as you can. Concentrate on your leaf! I know! Now pack your things. You must leave immediately. You have healing abilities. The great benders of the Water Tribe sometimes have this ability. I've always wished I were blessed like you - free from this burning curse. Water brings healing and life. But fire brings only destruction and pain. It forces those of us burdened with its care to walk a razor's edge between humanity and savagery. Eventually, we are torn apart. Go get your friends and flee! Do not come back here or you will all be destroyed. Hurry! It is you who have embraced savagery, Zhao. That title will not help you against the Avatar. Do not try to fight him! You are no match! I have never seen such raw power ... Oh. Is this a new mind ready for molding? Wait a minute. You're not from the Fire Nation. Clearly you're from the colonies. Your etiquette is terrible. In the homeland, we bow to our elders. Like so.  And we don't wear head coverings indoors. Very well. What is your name? Or should we just call you "Mannerless Colony Slob"? Good morning class. Recite the Fire Nation oath.  Since it's obviously hilarious to mock our national oath, we'll begin with a pop quiz on our great March of Civilization. Question one: What year did Fire Lord Sozin battle the Air Nation army? Kuzon? Well, I don't know how you could possibly know more than our national history book. Unless you were there a hundred years ago. When tracking your brother and uncle, traveling with the royal procession may no longer be an option. One hair out of place. Your Princess Azula, clever and beautiful, disguised herself as the enemy and entered the Earth Kingdom's Capital. In Ba Sing Se, she found her brother Zuko, and together they faced the Avatar ... Azula's agents quickly overtook the entire city. They went to Ba Sing Se's great walls ... The armies of the Fire Nation surged through the walls and swarmed over Ba Sing Se, securing our victory. And after three long years, your prince has returned ...  It's Lo and me.  We know you're upset that you were forced to come here this weekend. Give it a chance.  ... of smoothing even the most ragged edges.  Like waves washing away the footprints on the sand, Ember Island gives everyone a clean slate.  Then what are we waiting for? Let's go get him! Looks like your uncle was right about the storm after all. Don't move!  Jeong Jeong told you not to look for Avatar!  Shut up! Keep moving. Go on. He sees you only. No! You wait there. Go now! I got you, Dad!   I knew this was a waste of time. You're so colorful, it's making me nauseous.  Hm ... A big fancy fruit tart, with rose petals on top.  That would be impressive. I guess there's some nice perks that come with being royalty. Though there's annoying stuff, too. Like that all-day war meeting coming up. Azula mentioned something. I-I assumed you were going, too. Zuko, it's just a dumb meeting. Who cares? Well, good. You shouldn't. I mean, why would you even want to go? Just think about how things went the last meeting you went to. You know what will make you feel better? Ordering some servants around. I might be hungry for a whole tray of fruit tarts. And maybe a little palanquin ride around town. Double time. So, how did it go?  Zuko, that's wonderful! You must be happy. There really is no fathoming the depths of my hatred for this place.  I thought my life was boring in the Fire Nation, but this place is unbearably bleak. Nothing ever happens. Fire flakes, Dad? Please tell me you're here to kill me. I thought you ran off and joined the circus. You said it was your calling. Count me in. Anything to get me out of this place.  You brought my brother?  Of course not, Princess Azula. You're right. The deal's off.  How are you gonna fight without your bending? So, we're tracking down your brother and Uncle, huh? You need some help with that? My uncle pulled some strings. And it doesn't hurt when the new Fire Lord is your boyfriend.  I think it means I actually kind of like you. But don't ever break up with me again!  I look like a man. Aren't you cold?  I just asked if you were cold, I didn't ask for your whole life story. Stop worrying.  Gee, I wonder why.  Are you serious? It looks like the beach threw up all over it. Why would I want that?  Maybe stupid girls.  Thanks. This is really refreshing. I don't have any opinion about him. I hardly know him. I'm bored. I'm hungry. So, find me some food.  Zuko, what is wrong with you?  Your temper is out of control. You blow up over every little thing. You're so impatient and hotheaded and angry!  It's over, Zuko. We're done.  Hey. Zuko, leave her alone.  Guess that explains why you need ten boyfriends, too.  Attention issues. You couldn't get enough attention when you were a kid, so you're trying to make up for it now.  I don't believe in auras.  Oh, well, I'm sorry I can't be as high-strung and crazy as the rest of you.  What do you want from me? You want a teary confession about how hard my childhood was? Well, it wasn't. I was a rich only child who got anything I wanted ... as long as I behaved and sat still, and didn't speak unless spoken to. My mother said I had to keep out of trouble. We had my dad's political career to think about.  You want me to express myself? Leave me alone!  Don't touch me! I'm still mad at you.  Whatever. That doesn't excuse the way you've been acting.  Yeah, who are you angry at, Zuko?  Then who? Who are you angry at?  Come on, answer the question.  I know one thing I care about. I care about you.  Come on, Zuko. We all know that's a lie. Because I know you so well. The warden's my uncle, you idiot. The truth is, I guess I don't know you. All I get is a letter? You could have least looked me in the eye when you ripped out my heart. You didn't mean to? "Dear Mai, I'm sorry you that you have to find out this way, but I'm leaving."  Thanks Zuko, that makes me feel all better.  Save it? You're betraying your country! I don't need any protection. Get off of me!  Saving the jerk who dumped me. I guess you just don't know people as well as you think you do. You miscalculated. I love Zuko more than I fear you.  Wads of wet fur. How delightful.  Clumps?  The trail goes this way.  I thought when Ty Lee and I finally caught you guys, it would be more exciting. Oh well, victory is boring.  Yeah. I thought you were going to make that one guy pee his pants.  Sorry to disappoint you.  Just take the bear.  Finally, something to do.   Ugh, disgusting! She can shoot all the lightning she wants at me. I am not going in that wall sludge juice.   We lost.  Ha, ha.  I'm tired of wearing this girly disguise. I don't know how anyone could fight in this. How much longer do we have to serve the Earth King? If I have to clean up one more pile of bear poop, I'm going to throw up.  Shush up! Do you want the whole palace to know we're Fire Nation? Orange is such an awful color. I don't hate you.  Sounds pretty serious.  No one's on board, sir. I don't know. Something strange is going on. Maybe it is her. Thank you! For my next trick I need a volunteer from the audience! How about you, little lady? Awww, she's shy. Leeet's give her some encouragement, folks! This next trick is called "Taming the Dragon." You will be my captured princess! Don't worry, young maiden! I will tame this fiery beast! It's too strong, I can't hold it! The rope, it's breaking! Hey, you tryin' to upstage me, kid? Mai, your father was appointed governor. We're like royalty here. Be happy and enjoy it.  The resistance! Oh, this is terrible.  How awful! Tom-Tom!  Breakfast.  I snuck in some white jade tea. I know you like rare teas. Lunchtime, General Iroh. And this time, I brought you an extra bowl of rice.  What? No, I feel fine.  Give up! You're completely surrounded! We've come to claim this village for the Fire Lord! Now show me your leader so I may ... dethrone him!  Rough Rhinos, to the town! If you're surprised we're here, then the Dragon of the West has lost a few steps. We're not here to give a concert. We're here to apprehend fugitives! Enough stalling! Round 'em up! I thought we could live as neighbors, in peace. But I guess I was wrong. You steal our food, our medicine ... and then you destroy our factory.  Oh, right, the mysterious Painted Lady did it. And I suppose she drew the army emblem on your containers, too. This is a town of thieves and liars! Where's your Painted Lady now? We're going to cure the world of this wretched village. Light it again! There is no Painted Lady! Do something! Stand your ground! I'll take care of you myself. Please sir, I'm just a traveler. Oh ... Please let me go ... have mercy ...  Don't let the headmaster catch you with that monkey.  Don't worry, I'm not a tattletale. My name's On Ji. I like your headband, by the way.  Uh, hi, Kuzon. I really liked that crazy dance you were doing. Yes? Who are you looking for? Really? How do you plan on doing that when you're not even wearing pants? So it seems, but are you prepared for your ... mathematics test? Wake up, Aang. Wake up, sleepy head! Rise and shine! You overslept. You missed the invasion. Really? You're gonna take me out? You're not even wearing pants! No! My royal parts are showing.  It's time for this world to end in fire, and for a new world to be born from the ashes.  Come on out, Avatar! You can't hide in there forever! Come on out, little boy. You're about to be ... Even with all the power in the world, you are still weak!  What? What did you do to me?  I'm still alive.   I am the Phoenix King!   I should count myself lucky. The new Fire Lord has graced me with his presence in my lowly prison cell. Hmph. Why are you really here? You've been away for a long time. I see the weight of your travels has changed you. You have redeemed yourself, my son. Welcome home. I am proud of you, Prince Zuko. I am proud because you and your sister conquered Ba Sing Se. I am proud because when your loyalty was tested by your treacherous uncle, you did the right thing and captured the traitor. And I am proudest of all of your most legendary accomplishment: you slayed the Avatar. Azula told me everything. She said she was amazed and impressed at your power and ferocity at the moment of truth. Iroh is a traitor, and your brother Zuko is a failure. I have a task for you. You will fight for your honor.  Rise and fight, Prince Zuko! You will learn respect,  and suffering will be your teacher. And how was it Great-Grandfather Sozin managed to win the Battle of Han Tui? Correct, my dear. Now, would you show Grandfather the new moves you demonstrated to me? She's a true prodigy! Just like her grandfather for whom she's named. Father, you must have realized as I have, that with Lu Ten gone, Iroh's bloodline has ended. After his son's death, my brother abandoned the siege at Ba Sing Se, and who knows when he will return home. But I am here, Father, and my children are alive. Father, revoke Iroh's birthright. I am your humble servant, here to serve you and our nation. Use me. Sokka. That's an unusual name.  Let me guess. You've come hundreds of miles from your little village where you're the best swordsman in town. And you think you deserve to learn from the master.  Yep, here we go.  You're not doing a very good job of selling yourself.  Hm, I see. Well, then, let's find out together how worthy you are. I will train you.  The first thing you must learn is that your weapon is an extension of yourself. You must think of it as another part of your own body.  Well, more like an extra-long, really sharp arm. The sword is a simple tool, but in the hands of a master it becomes the most versatile of weapons, and just as the imagination is limitless, so too are the possibilities of the sword. The warrior practices a variety of arts to keep his mind sharp and fluid. The first you will learn is calligraphy. Write your name.  When you write your name, you stamp the paper with your identity. You must learn to use your sword to stamp your identity on a battlefield. Remember, you cannot take back a stroke of the brush, or a stroke of the sword.  You are getting ink on your face. Landscape painting teaches a warrior to hold the lay of the land in his mind. In battle, you only have an instant to take everything in. Now, paint it. And no peeking.  You added a rainbow.  Sokka.  Concentrate on what you're doing. Rock gardening teaches the warrior to manipulate his surroundings and use them to his advantage. I'll take a slice of lemon in mine, please. You've had a good first day of training.  You messed things up in a very special way. You are ready for a real sword.  No.  Your sword must be an extension of yourself. So tomorrow, you will make your own sword. Choosing the correct material is the most important step in crafting a sword. You must trust your steel with your life. Choose carefully.  I wouldn't have it any other way. Who's this‌?  We'll make a sword unlike any other in the world. Sokka, when you first arrived, you were so unsure. You even seemed down on yourself. But I saw something in you right away. I saw a heart as strong as a lion turtle, and twice as big. And as we trained, it wasn't your skills that impressed me. No, it certainly wasn't your skills. You showed something beyond that. Creativity, versatility, intelligence ... these are the traits that define a great swordsman. And these are the traits that define you. You told me you didn't know if you were worthy, but I believe that you are more worthy than any man I have ever trained.  I'm sorry, too. Excellent! Using your superior agility against an older opponent ... smart. Good use of terrain ... fighting from the high ground. Yes, use your surroundings. Make them fight for you! Very resourceful. Excellent work, Sokka. I think I'm a little old to be fighting the Avatar. Oh, I've been around a while. You pick things up. Of course, I knew from the beginning that Sokka was Water Tribe. You might want to think of a better Fire Nation cover name. Try "Lee." There's a million "Lees". .  The way of the sword doesn't belong to any one nation. Knowledge of the arts belongs to us all. Sokka, you must continue your training on your own. If you stay on this path, I know that one day you will become an even greater master than I am.  Hello, Sokka. We're all part of the same ancient secret society. A group that transcends the divisions of the four nations.  Then we'll take you to him.  Your uncle's in there, Prince Zuko. Nothing runs faster over land or swims quicker than a giant eel hound. The air ship base is on a small island just off the Earth Kingdom shore. You should be able to intercept the fleet within a day's journey. This drill is a feat of scientific ingenuity and raw destructive power. Once it tunnels through the wall, our troops will storm their city. The Earth Kingdom will finally fall, and you can claim Ba Sing Se in the name of your father. Nothing can stop us.  Please. The drill's metal shell is impervious to any earthbending attack. Don't worry, Princess. I'm sure it's nothing.  Congratulations, crew. The drill has made contact with the wall of Ba Sing Se. Start the countdown to victory! You know better than to keep me waiting. Give me what you owe us so we can be on our way. Well? Is there a problem? The Avatar ... If I don't get what I came here for, the Fire Nation will burn this place to rubble! Then the destruction of this temple will be on your head!   This defeat is the gateway to many victories. Aang, it's time you learn of my history with Fire Lord Sozin. You need to understand how the war began, if you want to know how to end it. Meet me on my home island on the day of the summer solstice. Come, Aang. To visit my past. Our shared past. Are you kidding? The tree root did all the work. Nice one, Sozin. Back then, he was just Prince Sozin. And he was my best friend. Love is hard when you are young.  Don't worry, it gets better. Now, come with me. We have a party to attend.  Sozin and I shared many things, including a birthday. I started packing, but then the Fire Sages told me I won't need any worldly possessions anymore. It happened so fast. Everything's gonna be different now. But this is a royal artifact. It's supposed to be worn by the Crown Prince. This was the first stop on my Avatar journey. It was the place where I was trained to master airbending. And also where I met an old friend of yours: Monk Gyatso. Hey, Gyatso, you wanna see a new glider trick?   Some friendships are so strong, they can even transcend lifetimes. After my years mastering airbending, I traveled to the Northern Water Tribe. Waterbending was especially challenging for me. But in time, I mastered it as well. I moved on to the Earth Kingdom. My earthbending master, Sud, was uncompromising, stubborn, and blunt ... ... And a lifelong friend. It was bitter work ... but the results were worth it.  Sozin! Or should I say, Fire Lord! After all these years, he was still my best friend. And a few months later, he was my best man. Ta Min. I was persistent. When love is real, it finds a way. And being the Avatar doesn't hurt your chances with the ladies, either. What's on your mind?  Sozin, it is my wedding! Have a cookie, dance with someone, lighten up!  Yeah, we could.  Where are you going with this? No! The four nations are meant to be just that: four.  There are no possibilities. This is the last I want to hear about this.   That was my first real test as the Avatar. Unfortunately, it was many years before I learned that Sozin had gone ahead with his plan, despite my warning.  I've seen the colonies, Sozin. How dare you occupy Earth Kingdom territory! Don't do this, Sozin. Don't challenge me. It will only end badly. It's over. I'm sparing you, Sozin. I'm letting you go in the name of our past friendship. But I warn you. Even a single step out of line will result in your permanent end. Sozin and I didn't speak or see each other for twenty-five years after our battle. I spent most of my spare time here, at my home. Let's go!  Unfortunately, my success didn't last long, Aang. There was no way I could do it all.  Battling the elements was hard enough. I had to do it while I could barely breathe. The poisonous, volcanic gases were overwhelming.  It's all right Fang! Get out of here! I'm fine!  Sozin? Don't breathe the toxic gas.  It's too much. Please. Make sense of our past, Aang. And you will bring peace, and restore balance in the world.   It's time you learned.  The Avatar State is a defense mechanism, designed to empower you with the skills and knowledge of all the past Avatars. The glow is the combination of all your past lives, focusing their energy through your body. In the Avatar State, you are at your most powerful, but you are also at your most vulnerable. If you are killed in the Avatar State, the reincarnation cycle will be broken and the Avatar will cease to exist. You haven't failed, Aang. If anyone is to blame for the state of the world, it is me. I should have seen this war coming and prevented it. You inherited my problems and my mistakes. But I believe you are destined to redeem me and save the world. You think I am weak? I have mastered the elements a thousand times in a thousand lifetimes. Now, I must do it once again. You will teach the Avatar firebending. Hello, Aang.  The Ocean and the Moon are ancient spirits. They crossed over the Spirit World to the mortal world very near the beginning. There is only one spirit I know of who is old enough to remember. The spirit's name is Koh, but he is very dangerous. They call him the Face Stealer. When you speak with him, you must be very careful to show no emotion at all. Not the slightest expression, or he will steal your face.   A friend is here, to guide you back. It's good to see you Aang. What took you so long?  I have something very important to tell you, Aang. That is why, when you were in the Spirit World, I sent my dragon to find you. Yes. One hundred years ago, Fire Lord Sozin used that comet to begin the War. He and his firebending army harnessed its incredible power, and dealt a deadly first strike against the other nations.  Yes. Stronger than you could even imagine. Listen carefully. Sozin's Comet will return by the end of this summer, and Fire Lord Ozai will use its power to finish the War, once and for all. If he succeeds, even the Avatar won't be able to restore balance to the world. Aang. You must defeat the Fire Lord, before the comet arrives. Mastering the elements takes years of discipline and practice. But if the world is to survive, you must do it by summer's end.  I know you can do it Aang. For you have done it before. The solstice is ending. We must go our separate ways, for now. I am a part of you. When you need to talk to me again, you will find a way. A great danger awaits you at the temple. I can help you face the threat. But only if you are ready.  Your friend can come, too. Yeah.  Hey! First ones here, huh? What are you doing?  Relax. It's just a party.  Have fun by yourself, loser boy>.  Absolutely not! The Yuyan Archers stay here. Your request is denied, Commander Zhao. I can do whatever I want with their talents, they're my archers, and what I say goes.  Is nothing but a vanity project! We're fighting a real war here, and I need every man I've got, commander.  That's final! I don't wanna hear another word about it! Admiral, what are you doing? How could you let them go?  I don't believe it, he didn't beat you up. Not even a little. We were on our way to play hide and explode. You wanna come? Not really, no. Now what do we do? Maybe it was different in the colonies, Kuzon, but we don't do that here. Looking for me?  Too risky? What are you talking about? This is the circus, home of fear and danger. I want the wind buffalo to perform tonight.  Ladies and gentlemen, now for something truly special. A noble beast, so magnificent and rare, it hasn't been seen by human eyes in generations. I give you ... the wind buffalo! We're deeply honored to have the Fire Lord's daughter at our humble circus. Uh ... tell us if there is anything we can do to make the show more enjoyable. Of course not.  Uh ... the thing is ... the performers ...  Of course, Princess. Well, our circus boasts the most exotic assortment-  Come back! I don't want to fight you! I am a friend.  I know why you're here, Avatar. Yes. You wish to speak to Avatar Roku. I can take you to him.  This way.  Time is running out! Quickly!  Avatar Roku once called this temple his home. He formed these secret passages out of the magma. No. But my grandfather knew him. Many generations of Fire Sages guarded this Fire Temple long before me. We all have a strong spiritual connection to this place. A few weeks ago, an amazing thing occurred. The statue of Avatar Roku; its eyes began to glow! At that moment, we knew you had returned to the world. Things have changed. In the past, the sages were loyal only to the Avatar. When Roku died, the sages eagerly awaited for the next Avatar to return. But he never came. They lost hope the Avatar would ever return. When Fire Lord Sozin began the War, my grandfather and the other sages were forced to follow him. I never wanted to serve the Fire Lord. When I learned you were coming, I knew I would have to betray the other sages.  We'll follow these stairs to the sanctuary. Once you're inside, wait for the light to hit Avatar Roku's statue. Only then will you be able to speak with him.  No! The sanctuary doors, they're closed! No. Only a fully realized Avatar is powerful enough to open this door alone. Otherwise, the sages must open this door together, with five simultaneous fire blasts. This might actually work.  The sages will hear the explosion, so as soon as they go off, you rush in!  It didn't work.   Come quickly! The Avatar has entered the sanctuary! I don't know. But look at the scorch marks! And down there!   Now, Aang!  Because it was once the sages' duty. It is still our duty.  Avatar Roku ...  Avatar Roku is going to destroy the temple! We have to get out of here! Who are you? What's ... happening to me?  I don't know what you're talking about. Please, I don't know! You must be looking for Yon Rha. He retired four years ago.  As I feel my own life dimming, I can't help but think of a time when everything was so much brighter. I remember my friend. Looks like I win again, Roku.   Say something to her. Did something happen to my father? Soon the day came when my friend Roku had to leave the Fire Nation and face his destiny as the Avatar. He needed to travel the world so he could master the other elements. Hey, why aren't you packed yet, all-powerful Avatar?  Come on, show me how it's done using all four kinds of bending. Oh.  Here, hope you're at least allowed to have this.  I want you to have it. Twelve long years passed before I saw my friend again. When Roku returned, he was a fully realized Avatar, and I had changed as well.  Customarily, my subjects bow before greeting me. But you're the exception.  On wedding days, we look to the future with optimism and joy. I had my own vision for a brighter future.  Excuse me. May I borrow him for a moment‌?  I've been thinking hard about the state of the world lately.  I know, I know, but just hear me out. Right from the start, I was destined to be Fire Lord. And although we didn't always know it, you were destined to be the Avatar. It's an amazing stroke of fate we know each other so well, isn't it? Together, we could do ... anything.  Our nation is enjoying an unprecedented time of peace and wealth. Our people are happy, and we're so fortunate in so many ways. I've been thinking, we should share this prosperity with the rest of the world. In our hands is the most successful empire in history. It's time we expanded it.  Roku, you haven't even stopped to consider the possibilities.  How dare you, a citizen of the Fire Nation, address your Fire Lord this way. Your loyalty is to our nation first. Anything less makes you a traitor. Roku's island was a hundred miles away. But I could still feel it rumbling and see the black plume of smoke. I had never seen anything like this catastrophe. Need a hand, old friend? There's not a moment to waste. Without you, all my plans are suddenly possible. I have a vision for the future, Roku. With Roku gone, and the great comet returning, the timing was perfect to change the world. I knew the next Avatar would be born an Air Nomad. So I wiped out the Air Temples. But somehow, the new Avatar eluded me. I wasted the remainder of my life searching in vain. I know he's hiding out there somewhere. The Fire Nation's greatest threat ... the last airbender.  Those who wish to meet the masters, Ran and Shaw, will now present their fire.  Who is down there?  For trying to take our sunstone, you must be severely punished!  If you wish to learn the ways of the Sun, you must learn them from the masters, Ran and Shaw.  When you present yourself to them, they will examine you. They'll read your hearts, your souls, and your ancestry. If they deem you worthy, they'll teach you. If they don't, you'll be destroyed on the spot. If you're going to see the masters, you must bring them a piece of the Eternal Flame. This fire is the very first one. It was given to man by the dragons. We have kept it going for thousands of years.  You will each take a piece of it to the masters, to show your commitment to the sacred art of firebending.  No. This ritual illustrates the essence of Sun Warrior philosophy. You must maintain a constant heat. The flame will go out if you make it too small. Make it too big, and you might lose control.  Fire is life, not just destruction. You will take your flames up there. The cave of the masters is beneath that rock.  Facing the judgment of the firebending masters will be very dangerous for you. Your ancestors are directly responsible for the dragons' disappearance. The masters might not be so happy to see you.  Have you forgotten that you vanished, allowing the Fire Nation to wreak havoc on the world‌? The decline of the dragons is your burden, too.   Chanters! Sound the call!  Quiet, Ham Ghao!  Judgment time. Yes. They judged you, and gave you visions of the meaning of firebending.   Actually, it wasn't a total lie. Iroh was the last outsider to face the masters. They deemed him worthy and passed the secret onto him as well.  Well, our civilization is called the Sun Warriors ... so yeah.  Now that you have learned the secrets, and you know about our tribe's existence, we have no choice but to imprison you here forever. Just kidding. But seriously, don't tell anyone! It's not very traditional, but, okay.  Oh, I get it. Good one, Azula. You're not prettier than we are. Azula! It is so good to see you!  Oh yeah. He was so funny. Oh ... I ... uh ... would love to. But the truth is, I'm really happy here. I mean, my aura has never been pinker!  Thank you, Azula.   Uh ... yeah ... sure ... uh ... of course ...  I'm sorry Azula, but unfortunately there won't be a show tomorrow.  The universe has given me strong hints that it's time for a career change. I want to join you on your mission.  Well, Azula called a little louder.  It'll be interesting seeing Zuko again, won't it, Mai?  It feels great! Yeah, the girls and I really bonded in prison. And after a few chi blocking lessons, they said I could join their group. We're going to be best friends forever.  I'm so excited to spend the weekend on Ember Island. It's going to be great to hang out on the beach and do nothing.   Doesn't your family have a house on Ember Island? That must have been fun!  Who are these two beautiful women?  Ooh, I love the seashell bedspread.  Sure. Thanks.   Could you scooch just a little bit more to the- Perfect.   Wow! Thanks. This is so pretty.  Ahem! Shade. Shade! Sure. I love parties. They should.  Look, i-it doesn't matter who I met first, 'cause I like you all.  I don't know! I don't know! Oh, I'm glad you're here. Those boys won't leave me alone. I guess they all just like me too much.  What are you talking about?  What? You're jealous of me? But you're the most beautiful, smartest, perfect girl in the world.  But you probably would do something horrible to them. I'm sure they're just intimidated by you. Okay, look, if you want a boy to like you, just look at him and smile a lot and laugh at everything he says even if it's not funny.  Okay. Hey there, sweet sugar cakes. How you liking this party? I'm freezing. What are you doing?  But, it's a painting of your family.  I think you do.  I know you.  Yes, I'm a circus freak. Go ahead and laugh all you want. You want to know why I joined the circus?  Do you have any idea what my home life was like? Growing up with six sisters who look exactly like me? It was like I didn't even have my own name. I joined the circus because I was scared of spending the rest of my life as part of a matched set. At least I'm different now. "Circus freak" is a compliment.  I'm sorry, what?  Well, what's your excuse, Mai? You were an only child for fifteen years, but even with all that attention, your aura is this dingy, pasty, gray ... Calm down, you guys. This much negative energy is bad for your skin. You'll totally break out.  Sorry, Zuko, I ...  Your uncle?  Talk to us. What Lo and Li said came true. The beach did help us learn about ourselves. I feel all smoothed. I'll always remember this. They're about to cut the line!  Come on! Let's get out of here!  Hmmm ... they're not wads, they're more like bundles, or bunches? It's got an "uh" sound.  Clumps! They're clumps!   Was it just me, or was that guy kind of cute? Nice speech, Azula. It was pretty and poetic, but also scary in a good way.  Yeah. What are you in time for, cutie? Who? Oooh, it's like we're dancing together!  Come on, it's easy. You just walk on your front paws instead of your rear ones. Like this.  Hmmm, what about those muscle-y guys down there? Hey, look at that dust cloud. It's so ... poofy. Poof. Wow, Azula, you were right! It is the Avatar! ... and friends. C'mon! You heard Azula. We have to follow them! Mai finally gets to wear make-up that's not totally depressing?   Gosh, you're so confident. I really admire that about you. Maybe that's why it was so easy to beat the Kyoshi Warriors and take their clothes.   Princess Azula promised we would go back to the Fire Nation as soon as we captured the Avatar. We just have to be patient. Sorry! What is going on down there? Pentapox! Hmm, I'm pretty sure I've heard of that. Drive them out of the city ... but don't touch them! We have to rid the city of this disease! So, the resistance has kidnapped my son. Everything so clever, so tricky. Just like their King Bumi. I apologize. You've come to Omashu at a difficult time. At noon we're making a trade with the resistance to get Tom-Tom back. Forgive me, Princess.  See you later, buddy.  Run away! Get away from him!  Go, you can do it. Zuko! Help me!  Zuko! Why would you do that? Zuko. That's what moms are like. If you mess with their babies, , they're gonna bite you back!   Yes, darling, I think it's a good idea to play with your sister. Go on now, just for a little while.  I was just coming to get you. Uncle Iroh sent us a letter from the war-front. You're soaking wet? Until then, enjoy these gifts. For Zuko, a pearl dagger from the general who surrendered when we broke through the Outer Wall. Note the inscription and the superior craftsmanship. And for Azula, a new friend. She wears the latest fashion for Earth Kingdom girls. Azula, we don't speak that way. It would be awful if Uncle Iroh didn't return. And besides, Fire Lord Azulon is a picture of health. Iroh has lost his son. Your cousin Lu Ten did not survive the battle. Your father has requested an audience with Fire Lord Azulon. Best clothes, hurry up!  Young lady! Not another word! What is wrong with that child? No. I loved watching you. That's who you are, Zuko. Someone who keeps fighting even though it's hard. Your father would never do what to you? What is going on here? It's time for a talk! Zuko, please, my love, listen to me. Everything I've done, I've done to protect you. Remember this, Zuko. No matter how things may seem to change, never forget who you are.  Earthbenders. It is my pleasure to welcome you aboard my modest shipyard. I am your warden. I prefer to think of you not as prisoners, but as honored guests. And I hope you come to think of me as your humble and caring host. You will succeed here, if you simply abide-  What kind of guest dishonors his host by interrupting him?! Take him below! One week in solitary will improve his manners. Simply treat me with the courtesy that I give you- And we'll get along famously.> You will notice, earthbenders, that this rig is made entirely of metal. You are miles away from any rock or earth. So, if you have any illusions about employing that brutish savagery that passes for bending among you people ... forget them. It is impossible. Good day. Tell me exactly what you saw.  What? Which was it? A buffalo or a bison?  I'll decide what the point is, fool!  You! Wake up the captain. Search the entire rig!   What?  Then wake up someone I haven't> thrown overboard and search the rig! There's something going on here and I don't like it. Listen to him well, child. You're one mistake away from dying where you stand.  Foolish girl. You thought a few inspirational words and some coal would change these people? Look at these blank, hopeless faces. Their spirits were broken a long time ago. Oh, but you still believe in them. How sweet. They're a waste of your energy little girl. You failed.>  Show no mercy!  Do not let them escape!  No, please! I can't swim!  So Chit Sang, I hear you used firebending to try to escape. You should know better. No one has ever, ever escaped from here. I'd sooner jump in the Boiling Lake myself than let that record fall. Don't forget it. Now go back to your shivering. Well, well, well. I never thought I'd find you in here, Prince Zuko. How could I not? You broke my niece's heart. Quiet! You're my special prisoner now. And you'd best behave. If these criminals found out who you are, the traitor prince who let his nation down, why they'd tear you to shreds. Oh, in due time, believe me, I intend to collect.  Guards! Secure the perimeter and lock down the prisoners! Now! Get the fugitives and throw them in the cooler! One that's bolted down and not floating in the water! This is a lockdown! We have new prisoners arriving! Everything must be completely secure!  Welcome to the Boiling Rock. I'm sure you've all heard the horrible rumors about our little island. Well, I just want to tell you that they don't have to be true, as long as you do everything I say. Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you. Oh? You'd rather look at my shoes? Then take a look! I know exactly who you are, Hakoda of the Water Tribe. So strong-willed. But don't worry, we'll get rid of that in time. Now look me in the eye!  See, isn't that better? You will all do as I say or pay the price. You will all-  I'm fine! Get these prisoners out of my sight!  Are you comfortable, Chit Sang?  Chit Sang, I only asked if you were comfortable. Are you still comfortable? I know you and your cronies are not smart enough to come up with that little escape plan. So you're gonna tell me ... who is? How is he?  Have you had enough time to think about what I asked?  And?  Who? Put him in the line-up. One of you is an impostor who thought he could fool me. But now, that person is going to be in a lot of trouble. Who is it? Save your breath! I know you were working together. You threw Chit Sang in the very cooler they used to escape. It was all part of your plan.  Who told you to interrupt me?  Princess Azula. Ah ... It is an honor to welcome you to the Fire Nation's most exemplary prison. I didn't realize you were coming.  He's a guard who was involved in a recent and feeble escape attempt.  Quiet, you! How do you know? Who let these prisoners into the yard? This is supposed to be a lockdown! You wouldn't dare.  Cut the line!  Look at you, you're just a fat, disgusting old man. You do nothing, you say nothing, you just eat and roll around in your own filth like a pig. You're a disgrace.  What's going on in there‌? Crazy old man. You used to be the pride of the Fire Nation. Our top general, the Dragon of the West. Now, look at you. Look what you've become. I bet you're tired of being in this cell old man. Well too bad. You're never stepping outside these walls again.  Careful, Ming, don't get too close. His stench will knock you right out.  I'm not Dock. I'm Xu! Dock's my brother.  Dock works on the docks. That's why we call him, "Dock", and I work in the shop, that's why they call me, "Xu"! Me neither. What I can getcha? Hey, I'll give you a special deal. If you buy three fish, I'll give you a clam for free.   Ah, something amazing happened last night. Food was delivered to our village by a mysterious and wonderful person ... the Painted Lady. The Painted Lady. She's part of our town's lore. They say she's a river spirit who watches over our town in times of need. I always thought she was just a legend. Until now. Medicine? Sorry, all the medicine we have goes to the factory. That's why there's so many sick people in our village.  Would you like the one-headed fish, or the two-headed fish?  Oh, well, that's too bad. Maybe if you guys are lucky, the Painted Lady will visit you in the night, and heal your friend.  Yeah, maybe! You know, last night she visited us again. Healed most of our sick folks. You heard your mother. Get out of here!  Yes, Mother. What is it? Would you like something else from the garden? I would be happy to ...  Hello? Did you see someone? Hello? Is someone there? Nobody sneaks up on me without getting burned!   Whoever you are, take my money. Take whatever you want. I'll cooperate. No. I'm not sure.  Yes, yes, I remember you now. You're that little Water Tribe girl. You heard your mother. Get out of here! Now tell me, who is it? Who's the waterbender? You're lying. My source says there's one waterbender left in the Southern Water Tribe. We're not leaving until we find the waterbender!  I'm afraid I'm not taking prisoners today ...  What? Who?  I did a bad thing! I know I did and you deserve revenge, so why don't you take my mother? That would be fair!   Please, spare me!  Yon Rha! You lazy piece of work, I need something. The tomato-carrots from your garden are too hard for my gums. I need something soft and juicy!  Forget your stupid garden! Get your grimy hind to the market and buy me some real food!  Watch this! Mom! Can you make Zuko play with us? We need equal teams to play a game! You won't have to. Cart-wheeling's not a game, dum-dum. We are brother and sister. It's important for us to spend time together! Don't you think so, Mom?   Here's the way it goes. Now what you do is, try to knock the apple off the other person's head, like this.   See, I told you it would work! If Uncle doesn't make it back from war, then Dad will be next in line for Fire Lord, wouldn't he? I still think our dad would make a much better Fire Lord than His Royal Tea-Loving Kookiness.  You waste all your time playing with knives. You're not even good! By the way, Uncle's coming home. No, it means Uncle's a quitter and a loser. Oh yes he is! He found out his son died and he just fell apart! A real general would stay and burn Ba Sing Se to the ground, not lose the battle and come home crying.  Fire Lord Azulon ... can't you just call him 'Grandfather'? He's not exactly the powerful Fire Lord he used to be. Someone will probably end up taking his place soon. Because even though his army was outnumbered, he cleverly calculated his advantages. The enemy was downwind and there was a drought. Their defenses burned to a crisp in minutes.  You'll never catch up ... Shh!  Dad's going to kill you! Really, he is. Fine, don't believe me. But I heard everything. Grandfather said Dad's punishment should fit his crime. "You must know the pain of losing a first-born son. By sacrificing your own!" I'm only telling you for your own good. I know! Maybe you could find a nice Earth Kingdom family to adopt you! I don't know ... No one knows. Oh, and last night, Grandpa passed away.  Who's going to make me? Mom?> You two are such ... ugh! Ugh! Azula! Aww, they're so cute together! Let me in! I want to go into the war chamber  but the guard won't let me pass! If I'm going to rule this nation one day, don't you think I need to start learning as much as I can?   Thank you, Uncle.  You can't sacrifice an entire division like that! Those soldiers love and defend our nation! How can you betray them?  Please, Father. I only had the Fire Nation's best interest at heart. I'm sorry I spoke out of turn!    I meant you no disrespect. I am your loyal son. I won't> fight you. Hey Mom, want to see how Azula feeds turtle ducks?  Ow! Ow ow! Ouch!  Stupid turtle duck. Why she'd do that? I am not cart-wheeling. I don't care. I don't want to play with you!  Girls are crazy!  Never give up without a fight. How would you like it if cousin Lu Ten wanted Dad to die? Put an apple on your head and we'll find out how good I am! Does that mean ... we won the War? What are you talking about? Uncle's not a quitter! How do you know what he should do? He's probably just sad his only kid is gone. Forever.  Great-Grandfather won ... because ...  I'd like to demonstrate what I've been learning. I failed. What are you -? Ha-ha, Azula. Nice try. Liar! Stop it! You're lying! Dad would never do that to me!  Azula always lies. Azula always lies. ... Mom? Mom? Mom? Mom! Where's Mom? Not funny, Azula! You're sick. And I want my knife back, now.  Where is she? Colonel Shinu, please reconsider ... Their precision is legendary. The Yuyan can pin a fly to a tree from one hundred yards away ... without killing it. You're wasting their talents using them as mere security guards. But my search for the Avatar is- But-!  News from Fire Lord Ozai?  It appears I've been promoted to Admiral. My request ... is now an order. So this is the great Avatar. Master of all the elements. I don't know how you've managed to elude the Fire Nation for a hundred years, but your little game of hide and seek is over. Uhh, no. Tell me, how does it feel to be the only airbender left? Do you miss your people? Don't worry, you won't be killed like they were. See, if you die you will just be reborn and the Fire Nation would have to start searching all over again. So I'll keep you alive, but just barely. Blow all the wind you want, but your situation is futile. There is no escaping this fortress, and no one is coming to rescue you. We are the sons and daughters of fire, the superior element! Until today only one thing stood our path to victory, the Avatar. I am here to tell you that he is now my prisoner! This is the year Sozin's Comet returns to grant us its power! This is the year the Fire Nation breaks through the walls of Ba Sing Se and burns the city to the ground! I want a full transcription of my speech sent to the Fire Lord, along with glowing testimonials from all of the ranking officers present, and –  The Avatar has escaped! Close all the gates immediately!  Hold your fire! The Avatar must be captured alive!  Open the gate. Let them out, now! A situation like this requires ... precision. Do you have a clear shot? Knock out the thief. I'll deliver him to the Fire Lord along with the Avatar. Quick! Recover the Avatar! So, the Avatar was here and you let him slip away?  I don't care about your local crime rates! Which way did they go? Ready the river boats. We're going after the Avatar. Don't worry, men. My old teacher gave up fighting a long time ago. Haven't you, Master Jeong Jeong? Look at you. You were once so great. I can't believe my former master has become nothing more than a simple savage. It's Admiral Zhao, now.  I think I can handle a child. We'll see. Men! Take the deserter!  It's a trick! He's run off into the woods. Find him! Let's find out what my old master has taught you. Until I got bored. I see he taught you how to duck and run like a coward. But I doubt he showed you what a firebender is truly capable of!   I'll show you wild! Stand and fight, Avatar!  I was ...  Nowhere to run now, you little smart mouth!  Are you crazy? You haven't thrown a single blow!  This will truly be one for the history books, General Iroh. Just think, centuries from now, people will study the great Admiral Zhao, who destroyed the last of the Water Tribe civilization. You're lucky you're here to see it. I suppose you speak from experience, but rest assured. This will be nothing like your legendary failure at Ba Sing Se.  Tell the captains to prepare for first strike. Oh, I'm well aware of the moon problem and I am working on a solution. But for now, daybreak it is. It's daybreak at last. Let's write history. The Water Tribe can try to resist the inevitable, but their city will fall today. I assure you I have everything under control. I intend to remove the moon as a factor.  As I was saying, years ago I stumble upon a great and powerful secret: the identity of the Moon Spirit's mortal form. I was a young lieutenant serving under General Shu in the Earth Kingdom. I discovered a hidden library. Underground, in fact. I tore through scroll after scroll. One of them contained a detailed illustration, and the words "moon" and "ocean". I knew then that these spirits could be found and killed. And that it was my destiny to do so. Yes, yes ... I know you fear the spirits, Iroh. I've heard rumors about your journey into the Spirit World. But the Ocean and Moon gave up their immortality to become a part of our world. And now they will face the consequences. We'll be following this map to a very special location. And when we get there, we're going fishing.   I am ... a legend, now! The Fire Nation will, for generations, tell stories about the great Zhao, who darkened the moon. They will call me, Zhao the Conqueror, Zhao the Moon Slayer, Zhao the Invincible! Ugh ... Get it off! Get it off! Don't bother.   It's my destiny, to destroy the moon and the Water Tribe.  General Iroh, why am I not surprised to discover your treachery? You're alive?  Yes I did. You're the Blue Spirit, an enemy of the Fire Nation! You freed the Avatar. You should have chosen to accept your failure; you're a disgrace. Then, at least, you could have lived!   It can't be!  Getting in the way of what, Prince Zuko?  It's commander now. And General Iroh. Great hero of our nation. The Fire Lord's brother and son are welcome guests anytime. What brings you to my harbor? That's quite a bit of damage.  Really? You must regale me with all of the thrilling> details. Join me for a drink? ... And by the year's end, the Earth Kingdom capital will be under our rule. The Fire Lord will finally claim victory in this war.  Two years at sea have done little to temper your tongue. So, how is your search for the Avatar going? Did you really expect to? The Avatar died a hundred years ago. Along with the rest of the airbenders. Unless you have found some evidence that the Avatar is alive?  Prince Zuko, the Avatar is the only one who can stop the Fire Nation from winning this war. If you have an ounce of loyalty left, you'll tell me what you found.  Now remind me, how, exactly, was your ship damaged? So a twelve-year-old boy bested you and your firebenders. You're more pathetic than I thought.  No, it will not. Because you won't have a second chance.  And you failed! Capturing the Avatar is too important to leave in a teenager's hands. He's mine now. Keep them here. My search party is ready. Once I'm out to sea, my guards will escort you back to your ship and you'll be free to go.  You? Stop me? Impossible.  You can't compete with me. I have hundreds of war ships under my command and you? You're just a banished prince. No home, no allies. Your own father doesn't even want you.  If your father really wanted you home, he would have let you return by now, Avatar or no Avatar. But in his eyes you are a failure and a disgrace to the Fire Nation. You have the scar to prove it.  Is that a challenge? Very well. It's a shame your father won't be here to watch me humiliate you. I guess your uncle will do.  This will be over quickly.  Do it! That's it? Your father raised a coward. He's heading north. The Northern Water Tribe. The Avatar needs to master waterbending. He's looking for a teacher. Patience, Captain Li. This isn't some little Earth village we can just march into. The Water Tribe is a great nation. There's a reason they've survived a hundred years of war. The frozen tundra is treacherous, the landscape itself is an icy fortress. We'll need a massive invasion force. I'm taking your crew. I've recruited them for a little expedition to the North Pole. Sorry you won't be there to watch me capture the Avatar. But I can't have you getting in my way again. I didn't know you were skilled with broadswords, Prince Zuko. Have you heard of the Blue Spirit, General Iroh? He's real, all right. He's a criminal, and an enemy of the Fire Nation. But I have a feeling justice will catch up with him soon. General Iroh, the offer to join my mission still stands ... if you change your mind. I'm very impressed. You all seem highly qualified for the mission I have in mind. I believe you're acquainted with Prince Zuko. I'm devastated to hear about Prince Zuko. Just ... devastated. You know who was behind the attack?  So, have you reconsidered my offer? To victory! My fleet is ready. Set a course for the Northern Water Tribe.  The Avatar. And the banished prince. This must be my lucky day. Shoot the bison down, captain. So be it. It belongs to a traitor. Ignite. Launch! Launch! Ready ...  Fire! I'm not sure. But I bet a certain banished prince will know.  Wait! Cut the engines, and let them pass.  What a moving and heartfelt performance. I'm certain the Fire Lord will understand, when you explain why you betrayed him. And Prince Zuko. It was a noble effort, but your little smokescreen didn't work. Two traitors in one day, the Fire Lord will be pleased. No matter. Sooner or later, he has to come out.  When those doors open, unleash all your firepower! Ready ...  Fire!   No Prince, no Avatar! Apparently, the only thing I do have is five traitors!  Save your stories for the Fire Lord. As far as I'm concerned, you are all guilty! Take them to the prison hold!
